{"content": "Li Qunqun, a post-95s girl working with a fresh food delivery center in Beijing, puts a dozen of packages in an icebox on the backseat of her electric motor, and starts her day on July 9. The daytime delivery girl turns to a livestreaming host at night, and interacts with her fans through singing, dancing, and chatting. Li earns about 20,000 yuan ($3,028) a month through her hard work, and uses most of her earnings to support her family. Watching World Cup while enjoying crawfish has become a new trend this summer, with crawfish orders jumping to a new high, especially after 9 pm. When asked whether the night orders worried her, Li smiled and said most night orders are assigned to male drivers and she is asked to deliver at night only in the neighborhood. \"The city is much safer than we image,\" she added. Although Li is not a professional dancer - she learned most of the moves through self-taught videos - Li won the hearts of more than 30,000 online fans, with almost 10,000 of them showing up every time when she starts a livestreaming show. \"I like her positive attitude toward life,\" one of her fans said. Li began to earn a living in Beijing five years ago and intends to stay in her dream city as it offers better opportunities. \"Food delivery is a tough job, but it's a stable work,\" she said. I plan to launch my own business and do livestreaming part-time, she added.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "More than 40 percent of left-behind children in China meet their parents no more than twice a year, according to a white book on the psychological conditions of left-behind children. The white book was issued on Tuesday by On the Road to School, a Beijing-based NGO, and a research team from Beijing Normal University. It was based on 11,126 valid questionnaires from rural children from Grades 3 to 8 in 17 provincial-level areas nationwide in the first half of the year. Only 37 percent of surveyed children had both parents working in their hometown. Twenty-seven percent had one parent working outside their hometown, while the remaining 36 percent were considered left-behind children who did not have either parent around as their guardian. About 40 percent of left-behind children didn't see their parents more than two times a year, the white book said, compared with nearly 45 percent in 2015. \"That's still a big proportion,\" said Li Yifei, a professor at Beijing Normal University who led the research. \"It's estimated there are six million left-behind children in China and they need a lot of care.\" According to the white book, left-behind children tended to enter a rebellious phase in Grade 5, one or two years earlier than children in standard families. \"Children tend to study or imitate the behaviors of people close to them, but they are mostly not familiar with their parents,\" Li said. Liu Xinyu, chairman of On the Road to School, said \"the emotion gap between the two generations resulting from long-term separation cannot be easily bridged.\" The report called for more communication between parents and left-behind children. Many of the parents work in the construction industry in big cities, so some construction companies have also tried to contribute to improving that communication. Wu Guohui, a public relations officer at China Construction Second Engineering Bureau, said, \"Thousands of parents of left-behind children work in our company and we plan to invite some of their children to witness their work on site.\" Wu said he thought that would help children to understand their parents' hardship and make them closer. Support from schools is also needed. \"Children who lack parental company are often not confident in handling things and getting on well with others,\" Li said. \"So, schools can provide more platforms for them to prove and show themselves.\"", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "An exquisite porcelain teapot. Several fine ceramic cups. A small vase and a flower. A piece of calligraphy introducing tea making procedures. These fives things adorn a traditional Chinese tea table. With a touch of Chinese aesthetic, the table is almost an artwork in the form of modern installation. Another piece was inspired by  a masterpiece by Song Dynasty (960-1279) painter Wang Ximeng. The painting was featured on cups and table flag which were decorated with black mountain-shaped sculptures. A total of 30 such tables, from both Chinese mainland and Taiwan, were featured at the First Exchange of Tea Culture Between Beijing and Taiwan at Grand Millennium Beijing on June 24. \"Tomorrow marks the 30th year since the first time when I visited the Chinese mainland on June 25, 1988. In the past three decades, I have come to mainland 300 times,\" Fan Zengping, director-general of the Taiwan Chinese Tea Culture Association, said at the event. The 300 times saw his promotion of Chinese tea culture in both Chinese mainland and Taiwan. For him, tea has become a mirror of life. Sipping a cup of tea is a way to meditating on life. \"We need to cherish the achievements of exchanges between mainland and Taiwan, and picture a better future for we Chinese people who have the same root,\" Fan said. Chen Yunjun, standing director of China International Tea Culture Institute, talked about the differences of tea culture in China and Japan as well as the relation between Chinese tea culture and Zen. \"Japanese tea ceremony is famous for its silent rites, yet only a few people have tea or matcha daily. Most Japanese drink sencha. However, tea is part of Chinese people's everyday life,\" Chen said. Quoting Buddhist master Jinghui on tea culture, Chen said the spirit of Chinese tea culture can boil down to four Chinese characters:   (\u00d5\u00fd integrity),   (\u00c7\u00e5 purity),   (\u00ba\u00cd harmony) and   (\u00d1\u00c5 elegance). \"Our traditional tea culture is an important cultural heritage that connects people in Chinese mainland and Taiwan. We hope it will go on to play bigger role, bridging the two sides closely.\" About 100 tea masters and representatives attended the event, sharing the same passion for Chinese tea culture.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Hema Fresh, the prototype supermarket chain of Alibaba Group Holding Ltd's New Retail concept, has launched a 24 hour delivery service in two Chinese cities as it strives to combine the online and offline shopping experience. From Sunday, customers in Shanghai and Beijing can place orders online on Hema's app from 10 pm to 7 am, when brick-and-mortar Hema stores are closed, and have their goods delivered in as little as 30 minutes within a radius of three kilometers. Customers now can satisfy their stomach in the middle of the night by ordering cooked seafood, snacks and beverages, as well as meet more intimate needs such as picking from among 700 sexual-wellness products including condoms and lubricants. The new service fits closely with Alibaba's efforts to realize its new \"three-kilometer ideal living community\" goal, which includes the integration of technologies and other services to pinpoint consumer needs, said Hema CEO Hou Yi. Claiming to be the first such service globally, Hema will serve as a \"touch point\" through which a suite of Alibaba's online offerings, be it e-commerce platform Tmall, video site Youku or travel service Fliggy, find their offline base, said Chris Tung, chief marketing officer of Alibaba. \"For example, we are mulling to host Southeast Asian travel and cuisine-themed events in partnership with Fliggy at Hema. You will start to see Hema become the avenue for a growing number of events serving local communities,\" he told China Daily on Saturday. Hema is shifting from meeting people's catering demands to addressing a wider variety of needs, according to Xu Rongcong, a chief analyst at China Merchants Securities Co Ltd. \"At this stage, profitability is not the top priority of Hema. The 24-hour delivery primarily aims to cultivate shopping habits and enhance customer loyalty, especially in Shanghai and Beijing where people have more spending power and are willing to try out new services,\" Xu said. The move came just days after it entered into partnerships with 13 leading property developers in China to help digitalize their commercial infrastructure, a step critical to achieving its target of having 100 retail stores by the end of this year. Hema, which debuted in 2016, is seen as the test ground for Alibaba's New Retail concept. With each store doubling as a warehouse, Hema allows both in-store and online shopping and features the use of technologies to predict sales, manage inventory and dispatch parcels.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "On China's 34th Teachers' Day, let's review what President Xi Jinping has said about teachers. \"Communist Party committees and governments should focus on the professionalism of teachers, to care about them, pay them better, and protect their rights and interests, making teaching the most respected job in China.\" ---At Beijing Normal University, Sept 9, 2014,\"Today's students are the major driving force that will realize our great Chinese dream: the rejuvenation of the Chinese nation. Teachers are dream builders, undertaking their mission to forge a 'dream team'.\" --- At Beijing Normal University, Sept 9, 2014,\"The importance of teachers lies in shaping souls, forging lives and crafting humans... To become a good teacher, one must have lofty ideals, solid knowledge and a kind heart.\" --- At Beijing Normal University, Sept 9, 2014,Xi called on teachers to instill in their students a love of the motherland, the people and the Communist Party of China. --- At Beijing Bayi School, Sept 9, 2016,He said that universities and their academic faculty, as a key part of the country's innovation system and task-force, should enhance integration among different disciplines, offer more support for interdisciplinary research and scientists in cutting-edge areas and cultivate more leading scientists and world-class research teams. --- At Peking University, May 2, 2018,In 2010, China launched a national training program for primary and middle school teachers. By 2014, more than seven million teachers in primary and middle schools as well as kindergarten were trained. And the goal of training 6.4 million rural teachers in the central and western regions was achieved.,The country will improve the living standards of rural teachers, unify the staffing standards of urban and rural teachers, and give preferential treatment to rural schools in evaluating and appointing teachers, according to a notice issued in 2015 by the State Council.,China had 15.78 million certified teachers in 2016, an increase of 1.16 million over 2012, according to the Ministry of Education. Since 2013, the central government has allocated 11.2 billion yuan to reward or subsidize rural teachers, benefiting more than 1.3 million people.", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "The story of how one man named a road after himself in Beijing has been widely circulated on the internet recently, the newspaper Beijing Youth Daily reported.  Some internet users said the man's move was funny, but others questioned whether the move violated relevant regulations. According to the article, Ge Yulu found an unnamed road and set up a homemade road sign declaring it Ge Yu Lu at both ends.  Born in 1990 in Wuhan, Hubei province, Ge is a postgraduate student in China Central Academy of Fine Arts since 2014. Part of his name, Lu, means road in Chinese. Ge's target was a short road between Baiziwan Road and Baiziwan South No 2 Road dividing a local community in Chaoyang district near the Fourth Ring Road of southeastern Beijing into northern and southern sections. It takes about 10 minutes to walk from one end to the other. Ge's homemade Ge Yu Lu signs have gradually convinced people the name is real. Ge Yu Lu first appeared as the road name in 2014 on Amap, China's leading provider of digital maps, navigation and location-based services. One year later, Baidu Maps also accepted the name.  A man who worked in the community for a long time said that the road existed when the community was established in 2007. In the beginning, the road had no name, but later, people called it Gu Yu Lu because of the road signs. He did not know when the road signs were set up.  A neighborhood committee worker said the road is registered as Baiziwan South No 1 Road. According to relevant regulations, only a special government office can name roads and places, a worker at the Beijing Municipal Commission of Urban Planning said. The worker said that while online maps have recorded the road name as Ge Yu Lu, it does not equal an official naming. Individuals are not allowed to make and set up road signs randomly, and the signs will be dismantled. Ge said he never expected the name to be recorded by mapping software. As Ge Yu Lu is now widely known, he is happy, but also a little worried that it does not comply with relevant regulations.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "BEIJING -- The fourth China Internet Culture Conference will be held in Beijing between Dec 15 and 16. The event, co-organized by China Animation Comic Game Group and the Beijing Municipal Bureau of Culture, will discuss the transformation and development of cultural industries, new forms of Internet culture and new digitalization trends. The conference will include four forums focusing on the innovation and transformation of Internet culture, the future of animation comic games, the integration of culture and tourism, as well as online videos, according to event organizers. An experience exhibition revolving around the forums will also be held and will inform visitors about the development and future of digital culture. The event will take place in a theatrical manner aided by high-tech, including a 3D projection screen, organizers said.", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "  Bard will work with Beijing's Central Conservatory of Music to create the program, said to be the first of its kind at a Western college.  Students will be able to apply in January for a first year that will focus on the erhu, pipa and guzheng, all stringed instruments.  Yu Feng, president of the Beijing school, signed a development initiative for the program and other joint efforts with Robert Martin, director of the New York school, on Sunday in Beijing.  Martin, who is a cellist, said he has been coming to China since the 1970s and had the idea of introducing a Chinese instrument performance degree program at Bard two years ago.  \"The goal is to create a comprehensive and effective platform for Chinese music in the United States,\" he said. \"I believe our partnership is what diplomats call a win-win situation.\"  Yu hailed the project as a \"trailblazing step\" for Chinese music worldwide that would create a new channel for cultural exchange between the two countries.  \"Traditional Chinese culture is the basis of Chinese music and Chinese instruments,\" Yu said. \"We will also introduce lessons such as calligraphy, traditional Chinese opera and Chinese poetry to our students.\"  In a video played for the announcement ceremony, Leon Botstein, president of Bard, said: \"There has been much development regarding the absorption of the teaching of Western instruments and Western music. This needs to be balanced by the introduction of the great tradition of Chinese music and Chinese instruments to Western musicians, inspiring young musicians of the next generation.\"  Bard, a private liberal arts college founded in 1860, launched its music conservatory in 2005. The new program will build on its existing five-year music and liberal arts and science program to combine the professional study of traditional Chinese instruments with a Western-style liberal arts education. According to Yu, three professors from the Beijing school will become primary faculty members.  Outside the program, the initiative will also launch an annual Chinese music festival at Bard and an annual summer school for high school students. Both will focus on music from contemporary China. Seminars and scholarly conferences on Chinese music, art and social development will also be held in the US and China on alternate years.  Chinese conductor Cai Jindong will chair the committee overseeing the initiative. Cai, who was born in Beijing and studied violin and piano, went to the US in 1985 and joined the Stanford University faculty as professor in 2004. He has been guest conductor of major symphony orchestras in both China and the US.  \"I have been working and living in the US for more than 30 years, and to me this program is like a dream come true,\" he said.  He noted that the development of Western music in China has a very long history, starting with Matteo Ricci (1552-1610), the Italian believed to have been the first Jesuit priest to enter Beijing. Ricci gave a clavichord to Emperor Wanli of the Ming Dynasty (1368-1644) in 1601.  \"Chinese music never really developed in the West,\" Cai said. \"We believe this program will make changes in the long run.\"     ", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "A dance troupe from Haiti held its debut show in Beijing on Wednesday, greeting people in the Chinese capital with exotic dancing steps from the Caribbean Sea and strong beats of Haitian music. Dancers from Ballet Bacouloud' Haiti, a famed folk dance group in the Caribbean country, enthralled audience memberswith a show named  at the Tianqiao Performing Arts Center. Accompanied by powerful rhythms of drums and trumpets - the main instruments of Haitian music, the artists told stories of Haitian people's lives, the Haitian history, culture as well as tales and legends, with a repertoire of 14 programs. Ten Chinese violinists also played on stage, joining hands with Haitian musicians, adding a Chinese flavor into the show. \"They cooperated very well,\" said Zhao Haoran, a Chinese audience from a public relations company. \"I really enjoyed the enthusiasm for life reflected in the dances and music.\",  Atmosphere of the show was lifted to a climax as dancers walked down the stage to invite audience to dance together. \"I am really excited to watch such an authentic performance in China,\" said a Haitian student who is studying in Beijing University of Posts and Telecommunications. \"Tonight's show was exactly like what people present in my hometown. I never expected to watch it here in Beijing,\" said the 25-year-old woman while swaying to music.,  Ralph Latortue, a representative from the Commercial Development Bureau of Haiti in China, said, \"It's a great chance of communication between Chinese and Haitians. We appreciate the opportunity to bring Haiti culture here, and we're also planning to invite Chinese artists to perform in Haiti in the future.\" After Beijing, the dance troupe will tour in eastern Chinese cities of Dezhou and Jinan, both in Shandong province, from August 17 to 20.  is part of the 10th China International Youth Festival that started on August 13. In the upcoming three weeks, people in 12 Chinese cities, including Beijing, Shanghai and Guangzhou, will be offered more than 200 performances by artists from 36 countries and regions, ranging from dances and chamber music to operas and musicals. ", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Media have the responsibility to tell authentic China-Africa stories, promote cooperation and strengthen ties, journalists agreed on Monday during a discussion about the role of the media. More than 50 media representatives from China and Africa gathered in Beijing to discuss the media's role in building a China-Africa community with a shared future, following last week's 2018 Beijing Summit of the Forum on China-Africa Cooperation, or FOCAC. President Xi Jinping said during the opening ceremony of the summit that a China-Africa media cooperation network will be established, as the media represent one of the ways to \"strengthen the bonds between the people of China and Africa\". Nimley Nicolas Dweh, editor of Liberia's NEWS newspaper, said that only through the participation of the media can the Chinese and African people understand FOCAC and promote the development of China-Africa relations. He said the media need to produce more in-depth stories related to the achievements of the forum, such as in the fields of medical treatment, education and infrastructure construction. Guo Lin from Beijing's Guangming Daily said the media have an irreplaceable role in providing authentic and informative news products. \"Currently, there is a big gap in reporting between the two sides, so we should work closer to make our voice heard by the world,\" he said, adding that the Chinese and African media should use the internet and produce more new media content. Dweh suggested a training program for African journalists to more effectively communicate information related to FOCAC and China-Africa cooperation that will be beneficial for both sides. Ahmed Hazem Samir Sayed from Egypt's Al Gomhouria newspaper said that strengthening media capacity and cultivating more talent is the next step in cooperation. Ma Xiaoning from People's Daily said exchanging reporters can assist with mutual understanding. \"We are working to introduce Chinese stories to Africa, and more African stories should be brought to China,\" she said.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "YUSHU, Qinghai Province -- Nine years after a catastrophic earthquake battered Yushu Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture, which killed thousands of people, new schools, hospitals and squares have mushroomed out of debris, and the locals are rebuilding their new life. Lodru Gyatso, 16, lost his father in the magnitude-7.1 quake, which hit Yushu in northwest China's Qinghai province on April 14, 2010 and left around 3,000 people dead or missing. \"I was reading books in school when the quake struck,\" he said. \"When I got back home, my brother told me our dad had been buried under the toppled house.\" Lodru Gyatso's mother passed away when he was young. He was admitted to a local orphan school after the quake. The school is now home to more than 460 students, many of whom lost their parents in the disaster. \"After the earthquake, we have received many donations, which help to improve our infrastructure,\" said Nyima Rigzin, headmaster of the school. The school, humble with one-storey temporary houses, now has a classroom building, dormitory building, canteen and library. Lodru Gyatso likes to make robots in the classroom equipped with a 3D-printer. For 23-year-old Dawa Tsedin, takeout delivery is a bit boring. But it allows him to enjoy the beauty of Yushu's new cityscape, which has sprung up from a remote, backward town to a modern city over the past nine years. Dawa Tsedin chose to be a take-away food delivery man in Yushu after graduating from a vocational school in Xi'an, capital of neighboring Shaanxi Province. He said he returned because he had seen great potential in takeout delivery in the city. \"In the past, I couldn't believe that takeout delivery was available in Yushu,\" he said. \"Now as I pass by the landmarks such as the Gesar Square, I really feel that Yushu looks like a big city.\" New buildings with Tibetan characteristics, new business quarters and broad avenues have sprung up in the city, in sharp contrast to the scenes before the quake. Cai Chengyong, the city's Party chief, said Yushu has also been improving urban management and building a smart city with advanced technologies. To date, the city has invested over six million yuan (about $895,000) to build an intelligent urban management network covering all streets and communities. During reconstruction, Beijing has lent a hand, investing heavily in infrastructure construction and bringing talent of education, medicine, city planning and urban management. Pei Zhifei, a veteran gynecologist from a hospital in Beijing, has been working in the Yushu Prefectural People's Hospital since 2017, tutoring local doctors in complex surgeries. \"Now many critically ill patients get treated in Yushu,\" said Pei. \"And many patients from Sichuan and Tibet have come to our hospital seeking medical help.\" Official data show 163 experts from Beijing, including teachers and doctors, have worked in Yushu to assist the reconstruction. In recent years, Yushu has received a growing number of tourists from home and abroad as it has listed tourism as a pillar industry. Ashak Yumpon, director of Yushu prefecture tourism bureau, said the prefecture, home to the Hol Xil Nature Reserve and the headwaters of the Yangtze, Yellow and Lancang (Mekong) rivers, boasts abundant tourism resources. \"We will promote sustainable development of the tourism industry and build ourselves into an international tourism destination,\" he said.", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "Beijing Tianqiao Performing Arts Center held a press conference announcing key programming for the whole year on April 18. Broadway classic musicals, the \"International New Classics\" series, the Laoshe International Drama Festival and children dramas will offer audiences a feast of options this year. According to the deputy general manager of the center, Jiang Tao, since opening more than two years ago, the theater has greatly promoted the cultural industry of Beijing and enriched the social cultural activities of residents. \"Through the introduction of leading musical plays, a mature operating system and frequent artistic exchanges, the center has become a new cultural landmark in the eyes of many audience members,\" Jiang added. In 2017, nearly 200 public programs, including exhibitions, workshops and open lectures were given, reaching an audience totaling around 400,000. In 2018, about 850 performances will be staged at the venue, including the Broadway productions of Chicago and Kinky Boots.,Chinese musical  starring singer-actress Tan Weiwei and Lou Yixiao, and the Chinese version of the Broadway musical   will also bring delight to audiences in July and December respectively. At the same time, Beijing Tianqiao Performing Arts Center has begun its own \"New International Classic\" series, which pays more attention to the recreation of classic works. By embracing the principle of \"innovative ideas plus qualified works\", operas and dancing dramas including     and   are ready to hit the theater. Following the huge success of the first Lao She International Theater Festival, the second festival paying tribute to Lao She (1899-1966), one of the most famous Chinese novelists and dramatists, will return from September to October this year.,The second Lao She International Theater Festival carries a theme of \"public emotion, humanistic care, national language and international vision,\" with an aim of echoing Lao She's saying, \"A great work is not only capable of touching people with enthusiasm, but also inspiring people with sensibility.\" What's more, 14 leading international-level children's plays from eight countries including Britain, Germany, Russia, Australia and Ireland will help more families enjoy time together.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "China's environmental authorities have agreed in principle to pilot a cross-regional agency on air pollution in Beijing, Tianjin, Hebei and neighboring areas, 21st Century Business Herald reported Thursday. Liu Youbin, an official with the Ministry of Environmental Protection (MEP), said Tuesday at a news conference that relevant work is underway, the newspaper reported. Liu said the agreement was reached at a meeting of the ministry in September. Though Liu did not specify when such an agency will be set up, an expert with the ministry said it will likely be established within this year, according to the newspaper. The idea to set up an integrated air management mechanism was first put forward in August, when 10 ministries and commissions including MEP and six province-level regions (Beijing, Tianjin, Hebei, Shanxi, Shandong and Henan) jointly issued an action plan to address air pollution in areas around Beijing, Tianjin and Hebei for autumn and winter from 2017 to 2018.  According to the action plan, the preparation for the establishment of the air administration should be preliminarily completed and it should be put into test run by the end of Sept, aiming to improve cross-regional coordination, management and supervision in controlling air pollution and achieve integrated pollution prevention and control.  The air administration was part of the efforts made by the MEP to improve air quality and prevent smog.  According to Liu, the average density of PM2.5 in 28 cities in the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region and nearby areas went down 4.6 percent year on year to 62 micrograms per cubic meter from Oct 1 to Oct 27. The MEP said it will continue to step up measures to control air pollution to reach the targets set for this winter.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "  The 2017 Visiting Program for Young Sinologists kicks off at the National Library of China in Beijing on Monday.  The project, which enables international academics to immerse themselves into Chinese cultural dialogue, gives participants a better chance to capture the ethos of Chinese civilization. The program, which began Sunday and runs to Sept 30, offers 27 intellectuals from 26 countries lectures, the opportunity to finish research at language and culture institutions, and a field tour of traditional Chinese culture in East China's Jiangxi province. The participants all possess strong personal ties to China. Most have studied, worked or lived in major Chinese cities.  \"I read Pearl S. Buck's   in high school and became fascinated with Chinese culture ever since,\" said Ana Jovanovic, a docent at the University of Belgrade in Serbia. \"I came to Beijing in 2003 and fell in love with China,\" Maria Elvira Rios Penafiel, researcher of the Ministry of Education of Chile, said. \"For me, sinology is something I will devote my whole life to study.\"   \"On the occasion of the 19th session of the National People's Congress, China will embrace fresh opportunities for development,\" Zhu Qi, vice director of the Bureau for External Cultural Relations of China's Culture Ministry, said.  \"Beijing, as a junction of modern and traditional Chinese cultures, is demonstrating the profound transition happening in our nation,\" Zhu said. This year's visiting program has expanded into four cities, including Beijing, Shanghai, Xi'an and Zhengzhou, with a total of almost 120 participants. \"In the future, we are planning to initiate a funding program for overseas sinology studies,\" Zhu added.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "BEIJING - Yuan Ye, a father in Beijing, is proud that his seven-year-old son built and programmed a robotic dog as a Children's Day gift for himself. Through component assembling and coding, the boy made the robot bark, nod its head and wag its tail like a real dog, an achievement that he sees as truly special for this year's children's day. It was built in a child coding course he attended in Beijing. In China, computer coding has become popular as an after-school training course favored by parents who want to pave the way for their children's bright futures. The younger Yuan has been enrolled in the programming class for three years. \"He is interested in a lot of things, but programming is his favorite. So far it is the longest habit of his,\" the father said. Computer coding becomes increasingly popular around the world, as artificial intelligence (AI) is shaping people's everyday life with applications in numerous sectors, from smartphones to self-driving cars. The UK government overhauled computing teaching method by adding mandatory programming courses for children in 2014. Computer programming is expected to become a mandatory subject in Japan's elementary schools in 2020. Since 2015, the Chinese government has published guidelines encouraging schools to experiment with STEAM (Science, Technology, Engineering, Arts, Mathematics) education, including coding. An AI development plan issued by China's State Council in 2017 required adding courses in coding in elementary and secondary education system, and encourages institutions and companies to design software and other related games. \"After 3 years of training, my son can grasp basic physics and computer coding concepts. It brings up qualities in logic and trains him in making objects,\" Yuan said. \"The purpose is not to prepare him to be a professional programmer, but to develop his creativity and problem-solving skills.\" Roughly 200 institutions and companies in China offer online or offline coding training for children, according to researchers familiar with the industry. Shenzhen-based Codemao is an education company that provides online graphical programming courses for students aged seven to 16. It also provides an online platform where children can design via programming and display their own work, including games and animation. It has over 10 million online users and its services are available on both smartphones and PCs, the company said. Booming demand has lured rich capital into the market. In 2017, 30 child coding projects were established in China. The value of a single investment to fund the project kept rising, market researchers said. The programming education is promising in terms of helping children better understand the information and intelligence industry, however, the intervention of capital and undue anxiety of parents might impede the healthy development of the industry. Yao Huanan resigned his job to start a children programming education enterprise last year. \"I was trying to find a coding class for my nine-year-old daughter, but the quality of the classes was not satisfactory, \" he said. \"These private institutions focus too much on profit, rather than on the quality of the courses,\" he said. \"Most of the programming education is happening outside schools in private institutions. They should be made available in schools as well,\" said Xiong Bingqi, vice president of 21st Century Education Research Institute, a leading educational think-tank in China. Educational authorities shall outline the degree of programming proficiency needed for children so that parents, teachers and children can know better what should be done, he said. Yuan Ye's son is making steady progress in his out-of-school class. \"I really like programming robots,\" the boy said. \"My teacher will show us how to make a robot cat. It can meow when we touch her head.\"", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "A Chinese play based on the life of China's first premier Zhou Enlai is being staged by China Railway Art Troupe from March 29 to April 2 in Beijing, to commemorate the 121th anniversary of his birth. Entitled  the play revolves around six stories of Zhou, including his marriage to Deng Yingchao, meeting with his old friends and his last days in hospital. Xihuating, located in the northern part of Zhongnanhai, is the name of the former residence and office of Zhou Enlai. A replica of the residence with flowering crabapples in the garden outside the residence and the workplace inside the residence, will be a part of the set. According to scriptwriter Liang Bingkun, who has been working Beijing People's Art Theater for over 50 years, he wants to show a rarely seen side of Zhou. \"I was honored to meet Zhou in person when I was a young scriptwriter with Beijing People's Art Theater. In fact, thanks to Zhou's support, the Beijing People's Art Theater was born in 1952,\" recalls Liang. \"He liked watching plays at Capital Theater, where the Beijing People's Art Theater was based. And he also liked talking with actors after performances.\" Huo Qing, a veteran actor with the China Railway Art Troupe will play Zhou and actress Hao Yan will play Zhou's wife.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "As China's internet companies have shown the world how their innovation could decide where the internet is going, it's imperative for them to be present when rules governing the internet are set and reviewed, Jia-Rong Low, vice-president of California-based, nonprofit organization Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN) told chinadaily.com.cn on April 24 in Beijing. He said that since ICANN rolled out the New Generic Top-Level Domains (gTLD) program in 2012, the Chinese government has been an active and open-minded entity that has helped in facilitating the program in the country. Any TLD that does not represent a country or a territory is known as a generic TLD, or gTLD, for example, .shop, .phone, according to ICANN. Since the launch of the new gTLD program, the internet has evolved from just 22 gTLDs to over 1,200 new gTLDs in the root, Low said, adding that out of these 1,200 new gTLDs, more than 100 new gTLD applications were specifically for Internationalized Domain Names (IDNs) featuring domain names in various native languages other than English. Of the top 100 new gTLDs by registration, six of the TLDs are IDN TLDs from China, suggesting that there is a huge demand for domain names in Chinese, he said. Anyone could log onto the official website by typing \u00b9\u00fa\u00bc\u00d2\u00bf\u00aa\u00b7\u00a2\u00d2\u00f8\u00d0\u00d0.\u00cd\u00f8\u00d6\u00b7, the Chinese domain name of China Development Bank in any browser, a China Daily reporter found out Wednesday. Similarly, the official website of Bank of Communications also could be reached by typing its Chinese domain name \u00bd\u00bb\u00cd\u00a8\u00d2\u00f8\u00d0\u00d0.\u00cd\u00f8\u00d6\u00b7. Low said that China's internet penetration rate stands at 54 percent and the IDNs can help bring the other half of the population online. According to a report on china.com Wednesday, Baidu will step up its efforts in collecting and showcasing Chinese domain names. The search engine added that if a website preferred to display its Chinese domain name, it could apply to Baidu and after review, the Chinese domain name would be shown to anyone who wanted to connect to the website. However, there are still challenges for ICANN to fully engage Chinese stakeholders, especially businesses, to the ICANN community for further discussions on the domain name system evolution. He said the reasons might be multi-fold. Domain names are not top concerns for companies that chase market share, innovation and dollars, but there is an indirect correlation between additional market share and Chinese domain names, which takes time for them to realize. In addition, the English language might still be a barrier for Chinese businesses to share their attitude and proposals, and traditionally, Chinese culture discourages disagreement in public. But things are improving as Chinese companies are growing and if they are not at the table when decisions on how the internet should be governed, they may miss some opportunities, Low said.", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "BEIJING - Beijing's historic north-south Zhongzhouxian, the central axis, is to apply for World Heritage status in 2035, the municipal administration of cultural heritage said Wednesday. Fourteen historical places along the axis, including Qianmen, the Forbidden City, Jingshan Park, the Drum and Bell Towers, Chairman Mao Zedong Memorial Hall, the Monument to the People's Heroes and Tian'anmen Square have been identified as the key heritage sites. Preservation work of these sites should meet the requirements of the application by 2030, said Shu Xiaofeng, director of the administration. First created in the Yuan Dynasty (1271-1368), the original Zhongzhouxian was 3.7 kilometers. The Ming (1368-1644) and Qing (1644-1911) dynasties extended the length to 7.8 kilometers from Yongdingmen in the south to the Drum and Bell Towers in the north. Situated at the city's center, Zhongzhouxian separates the districts of Dongcheng and Xicheng. \"It is like the backbone of Beijing's urban spacial structure,\" said Beijing historian Li Jianping. Beijing authorities earlier unveiled a general plan for the development of the Zhongzhouxian from 2016 to 2035. A plan to prepare the Zhongzhouxian for its World Heritage application is now being made. \"The application aims to better protect the city's history and culture,\" said Shu.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "China and the United States will continue trade talks even though it will take long-term efforts to solve the complex issue of bilateral trade, experts said on Tuesday. The comments came after US Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross concluded a series of meetings in Beijing with Chinese officials as part of ongoing trade discussions. The meetings focused on reducing the US trade deficit by facilitating the supply of agricultural and energy products to meet China's growing consumption needs, which will help support growth and employment in the US, the White House said in a statement released on Monday. China said if the US introduces trade sanctions, including tariff increases, the economic and trade achievements negotiated by the two sides will not take effect, following the third round of high-level official talks concluded on Sunday. Justin Yifu Lin, former chief economist and senior vice-president of the World Bank from 2008 to 2012, said trade, in essence, has \"economic rationality\". Even if China's economic development caught up with the US, the bilateral trade would remain beneficial to each other. At that time, the US would gain more from that. With regard to recent trade talks, Lin, now a professor at Peking University, said the main cause behind the widening US trade deficit lay within the country itself, where people \"consume too much while saving only a bit. \"Since the 1950s, the US began to transfer its labor-intensive industries to Japan, and the latter then transferred these sectors to other Southeast Asian economies,\" Lin said. \"The industrial transfer leads to China's trade surplus with the US ... It is unfair to blame China.\" Robert Carnell, chief economist and head of research for Asia Pacific at ING Group, said that China's moves in the past weeks have made it clear that it has no interest in a trade war. \"Despite some apparent progress in weekend talks on the bilateral Sino-US trade deficit, Trump's revival of a plan to impose $50 billion of tariffs on Chinese goods has turned these negotiations on their head once more,\" Carnell said in a research note. \"Trump will meet an angry and emotional group at the G7 meetings in Quebec this Friday... I suspect there will be little sympathy for Trump unless he has a change of mind (again).\" Carnell said the current trade situation suggests that the legal framework of the World Trade Organization that has served the world trade for so long is crumbling. Tu Xinquan, director of the China Institute for WTO Studies at the University of International Business and Economics, said China should be prepared for increasing unpredictability and uncertainty in the moves of the Trump administration. \"It is a rare phenomenon that the US is not only having trade disputes with China but also with its allies in the European Union and North America. It appears that the US is challenging the international trade system which it led in building after World War II,\" he said. Tu said the US policies have brought more uncertainties to the existing international trade order. China should be prepared for all kinds of outcomes, including the possibility of the US withdrawing from the WTO. Contact the writers at zhongnan@chinadaily.com.cn", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Over the last two years, Wu Jian'an, a Beijing artist and teacher at the Central Academy of Fine Arts, has been leading his students to travel extensively around Guizhou, a province of China famous for its ethnic diversity. During these trips, the students were exposed to the rich cultural traditions passed down through the generations, especially those of the Miao ethnic group. Their works inspired by these fruitful trips will be displayed at two upcoming exhibitions in Beijing, both titled . The first show will open at the Today Art Museum on Sept 8, while the other will take place at Prince Kung's Palace Museum on Sept 23. The works being shown introduce the rich variety of Miao culture \u00a1\u00aa their music, embroidery, cuisine and sacrificial ceremonies \u00a1\u00aa to urban audiences, while the artists' contemporary interpretation of these traditions also give them a second life.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "  China ranked second after the United States in an internet development index released on Monday that gauges six dimensions from internet infrastructure to application among 38 countries. China has the largest number of internet users and is the world's top e-commerce and mobile payment market by transaction volume, according to the Global Internet Development Index, published during the 4th World Internet Conference in Wuzhen, Zhejiang province. The findings are part of the World Internet Development Report 2017, the first such industry index China has compiled as a world-leading digital force, said Yang Shuzhen, head of the Chinese Academy of Cyberspace Studies. \"It represents the specification, standardization and indexing of President Xi Jinping's thought on global internet governance,\" he said at a news conference. The index takes a holistic approach by assessing the level of infrastructure, innovation capacity, industry development, internet application, cyber security and internet governance among economies with advanced internet conditions. The rest of the top six were the Republic of Korea, Japan, the United Kingdom and Singapore. Compared with other international indexes that rely mostly on one specific benchmark, the Chinese plan aims to provide a comprehensive picture of internet development so that countries can draw on each other's experience and make progress accordingly, said Xu Yunhong, assistant to the head of the Chinese Academy of Cyberspace Studies. \"What are often neglected in past trials are evaluations of total internet industry capacity and measures on internet governance,\" Xu said. \"China's experience suggests that both factors are crucial to a sound development of the internet that aims to serve the fundamental interests of the people.\" During last year's gathering in Wuzhen, Xi put forward four goals for the healthy development of cyberspace: promoting equality and mutual respect, being innovative, continually opening-up and sharing, and safeguarding its security and orderly development. The report urged countries to join hands to expand communications, safeguard the order of cyberspace and formulate governance rules. Also unveiled at the conference is a sister report that scans and analyzes internet development inside China, a country that saw 30.3 percent of its GDP come from the digital economy last year. Guangdong, Beijing, Zhejiang, Jiangsu and Shanghai are rated among the top five places where internet is being applied to invigorate economic vibrancy and innovate in social governance. Government agencies have had a digital makeover, with 27 out of 31 provinces, autonomous regions and provincial-level municipalities having established e-government service platforms by the end of last year, according to the research. A total of 170,000 government Weibo accounts and 514,000 WeChat public accounts had been set up by June 2017 to enhance transparency and facilitate interaction between the public sector and the people. Zhejiang province utilizes mobile internet, big data and facial recognition technologies for frictionless and secure transactions in public services, so that citizens run an errand \"no more than once\", said Che Jun, Party chief of Zhejiang. \"China's goal of internet development is not to nourish a handful of companies and groom them into giants or unicorns,\" said Shen Yi, head of the Cyberspace Governance Research Center at Fudan University. \"Instead, we strive to give dividends to the vast number of internet users through internet products and services that are affordable, premium and secure.\"", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "With China dedicated to greater opening-up for win-win cooperation, top executives of foreign companies have praised the nation for further expanding access to its enormous domestic market, and expressed optimism toward closer partnerships in the country. Speaking on Saturday at the ongoing China Development Forum in Beijing, Tim Cook, CEO of Apple Inc, said openness is essential in forming partnerships, and thanked China for opening its domestic market to his company. \"One of the key elements of partnership is openness - being open to working together, open to new ideas, open to new solutions. We have seen China continue to change and evolve, and we are grateful that you have opened your doors and allowed us to be a part of the community here,\" he said. Quoting a Chinese saying - \"The fire burns higher when everyone brings wood\" - Cook called for increased joint efforts from governments, educational institutions and businesses to address challenges such as poverty, inequality and climate change. \"We encourage China to continue to open up. We see that as essential - not only for China to reach its full potential, but for the global economy as a whole to thrive,\" he said. Cook's comments come as China steps up efforts to create a level playing field and a world-class business environment for all players. Last year, the country announced a string of policies to remove the cap on overseas ownership of joint ventures in the automotive and other sectors. Earlier this month, the Foreign Investment Law - aimed at better protecting the rights of foreign investors - was approved. It is scheduled to take effect on Jan 1. Dieter Zetsche, chairman of German automaker Daimler AG, said: \"Over the years, I've witnessed great development and changes in China's society, economy and, of course, in its automotive industry. This is a reflection of the great achievements China has made since reform and opening-up started.\" He added that the country boasts his company's youngest customer base, which is very open to new ideas and innovative technologies. Zetsche said Daimler remains confident in and committed to the long-term development of China's economy. \"We will continue to help shape the transformation of mobility in the country,\" he said. Also on Saturday, Han Wenxiu, an official at the Central Financial and Economic Affairs Commission, highlighted China's determination to make the economic pie bigger and to share it better through openness and cooperation, instead of pursuing a zero-sum game. The country will continue to shorten the negative list to open up more sectors and ensure national treatment for foreign investors, and will step up legal protection of intellectual property rights and punishments for infringements, Han added. Sanjay Mehrotra, president and CEO of Micron Technology Inc, a memory-chip giant from the United States, said he was very pleased to see the efforts China has made to better protect foreign investments and intellectual property rights. \"This is very encouraging for China and for the whole world,\" he said. \"Innovation is encouraged and unleashed when there is an open market and free trade and intellectual property is respected.\" He added that China has tremendous opportunities in the fields of artificial intelligence and fifth-generation wireless technology because the country has the right skills and a large market of new solutions that can be subject to experiments among the large population and fine-tuned on an ongoing basis. In addition to consumer-oriented companies that have benefited from reform and opening-up in the past four decades, foreign businesses that serve Chinese companies are also seeing big opportunities as a result of China's efforts to shorten the negative list and open more sectors to foreign capital. Martin Lundstedt, president and CEO of Volvo Group, said all the developments provide foreign companies with more choices when investing in China. Having been in China for more than 20 years, the Swedish manufacturer of vehicles, engines and construction equipment hopes to better tap into the country's booming e-commerce sector, and sees more opportunities resulting from the government's growing emphasis on green initiatives, sustainable development and innovation, he added.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "China will evaluate the influence of the renewed threat of restrictions the United States has placed on Chinese investment and exports and will reserve the right to take countermeasures, the Ministry of Commerce said on Thursday. The recently announced US restrictions do not conform to the basic principles and spirit of the World Trade Organization, ministry spokesman Gao Feng said at a regular news conference on Thursday. He said China does not want to see bilateral trade friction escalate and believes the two countries have a huge potential for cooperation based on extended common interests. On Tuesday, the White House said it would place investment restrictions and tougher export controls on Chinese people and entities purchasing industrially significant technology in order to ensure US national security. Even though trade tensions between China and the US had appeared to cool down following talks in Washington and the two countries issued a joint statement on May 20, the administration of US President Donald Trump said it would announce the list of imports subject to tariffs and proposed investment restrictions on China by June 15 and June 30 respectively. Gao said China is always open for talks and confirmed that a US trade delegation of more than 50 people arrived in Beijing. He hoped that the two countries' negotiating teams would meet each other halfway and facilitate the consensus reached in Washington days ago. James Gorman, chairman and chief executive of US investment bank Morgan Stanley, said it is worth noting that the US-China trade disputes are taking place within a broader global context of the US having trade discussions with the European countries, talking about redefining the North American Free Trade Agreement and having withdrawn from the Trans-Pacific Partnership agreement. \"I believe in open markets and free trade around the world. I think it's constructive to the largest economy in the world to find a solution to trade disputes without them becoming a major economic crisis,\" Gorman said. While the Trump administration follows an \"America First\" agenda, China has been promoting global free trade and ramping up domestic reforms, the American Chamber of Commerce in China said in the 2018 American Business in China White Paper released on Wednesday. The white paper said US companies in China are more optimistic and confident in growth, thanks to continuous efforts by the Chinese government to improve the business environment for foreign companies. As was pointed out at the State Council's executive meeting on Wednesday, China's domestic consumption will surpass that of the US this year, and visionary companies will not want to miss the prospect of the Chinese market, Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying said at a news briefing on Thursday. Trade experts suggest that China should respond in kind to the Trump administration's renewed threats of tariffs on Chinese goods. Mei Xinyu, a researcher at the Commerce Ministry's International Trade and Economic Cooperation Institute, said, \"China can accept measures that comply with international rules, but it will not accept those coming from another country's domestic law.\" \"We must prepare for all possible contingencies to deal with the Trump administration's capricious acts,\" Mei said. \"External interference by the US cannot deter China's pace of further opening and upgrading its economy,\" said Chen Wenling, chief economist at the China Center for International Economic Exchanges. Such continual efforts are not driven by external pressure of trade conflicts, she said, but underpinned by China's firm stance to further enrich and diversify the national economy via reform and opening-up policies.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "The Chinese Academy of Sciences launched its second summer internship program for Hong Kong undergraduates in Beijing on Monday, allowing students from the special administrative region to learn about traditional Chinese culture and scientific development and build relations with peers from the Chinese mainland. For the following six weeks, 49 students from top Hong Kong universities will study artificial intelligence, robotics and autonomous driving, physics, mathematics and biosciences in six institutions under the academy, China's highest academic institute. The number of participants and host institutions has doubled compared with that of last summer. The program is organized by Hong Kong's Home Affairs Bureau, the academy's Bureau of Science Communication and the Intelligence Science and Technology Popularization Alliance. \"The program is a great opportunity for Hong Kong undergraduates to learn about the nation's latest scientific developments and improve their professional knowledge and skills,\" said Li Shushen, the academy's vice-president, at the program's opening on Monday. \"We welcome more Hong Kong students to come study at the academy and contribute to the prosperity of the nation,\" he said. In recent years, the mainland and Hong Kong have expanded cultural and career-oriented exchange programs as a means of providing education and employment opportunities for the younger generation, as well as facilitating social integration and joint progress. Last year, Carrie Lam Cheng Yuet-ngor, chief executive of the Hong Kong SAR, pledged to enhance scientific exchanges and collaboration with the Chinese mainland after President Xi Jinping said the central authorities would support Hong Kong becoming an international center for innovative science and technology. Jack Chan Jick-chi, Hong Kong's undersecretary for home affairs, said the internship program can expand Hong Kong students' horizons, and he hopes participants will share their experiences with others back home. Xu Bo, director of the academy's Institute of Automation, said his institute is happy to host another group of Hong Kong students. \"AI is now changing the world, and our institute is one of the best in the country to study AI technologies,\" Xu said. He added that the institute appreciates Hong Kong students' curiosity and aspirations of using new technologies to benefit society. Zhang Dongmei, secretary-general of the Intelligence Science and Technology Popularization Alliance, said she hopes Hong Kong students can learn necessary scientific methodologies and foster a spirit of exploration to be successful in their future careers. Shuen Chi-yeung, a junior at Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, said he would love to learn about neural networks and AI applications in biology during his time in Beijing. \"Hong Kong and the mainland share many common issues, such as traffic congestion and aging populations, that can be solved via advances in new technologies,\" Shuen said. \"Although Hong Kong has devoted many resources to scientific research, it is still incomparable to the mainland, so cooperation and exchanges are key.\"", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "BEIJING-- Primary schools and junior high in Beijing will extend after-school services starting September, when the new academic year begins, according to the local education authority. The services, including physical exercises, science classes and study aid, will be extended to 2 hours, 5 days a week, from at least one 1 hour for 3 days at present, and will cover all students at primary and junior high schools, according to Feng Hongrong, official with Beijing Municipal Education Commission. The services work as an alternative to after-school classes or extracurricular training for students whose parents are still at work when school is over. A guideline has recently been issued by the State Council General Office requiring local primary and junior middle schools to put more money into after-school services, and make a full use of school teachers, classrooms and extra-school resources help students cultivate interests and explore talent.", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "Beijing will improve its city management through innovation by giving the sub-center more freedom to govern the area, said Lin Keqing, executive vice-mayor of the capital, on Monday. During a conference focusing on Beijing's high-quality development, Lin said Beijing will establish a sub-center management committee which will be given city-level administrative rights to deal with things in the region. \"Beijing will make efforts to build the sub-center into a model for modern urban construction in China,\" he said. The first group of Beijing's municipal administrative departments has moved from downtown to the sub-center in Tongzhou district. The second group is working on the move. Supporting facilities in the region, including schools, are under construction.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "BEIJING - The process of laying tracks for an intercity railway linking Beijing with Xiongan New Area is now applying the BeiDou navigation system, according to the Science and Technology Daily on Tuesday. Track laying machines were installed with cameras to transmit operation videos along the tracks. An intelligent control platform was established for transportation and scheduling of laying tracks to monitor machines running in real time and manage construction safety systematically. The intercity railway line, set to be operational by 2020, will be an important link between the urban areas of Beijing, the Beijing new airport and Xiongan New Area. The railway starts with Liying Station in Daxing District and passes through Gu'an and Bazhou before reaching Xiongan station in the southwest. The Beijing section of the railway line is expected to become operational in September this year along with the Beijing Daxing International Airport, or the Beijing new airport. Workers are laying down 69 km of track from Liying station to the new airport, and the work needs to be completed in 15 days. The designed highest speed of the intercity rail link ranges from 250 km to 350 km per hour, said the newspaper. It will cut the commuting time between urban areas of Beijing and Xiongan from two hours to 30 minutes. China's BeiDou navigation system began providing global services in December 2018. The positioning accuracy of the system has reached 10 meters globally and five meters in the Asia-Pacific region. Its velocity accuracy is 0.2 meters per second, while its timing accuracy stands at 20 nanoseconds.", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "In 2016, Lang Enge was in a funk. Due to stricter environmental regulations in Beijing's Yanqing district, he'd had to sell his entire flock of sheep - more than 300 - for just 330 yuan ($50) a head, far lower than the 1,300 yuan he'd paid for them two years earlier. Yet he was soon lifted from despair by a trailer promoting the Beijing 2022 Winter Olympics, which inspired him to organize a ski and snowboard team composed primarily of pastoral farmers. With the hillsides free of sheep manure and the grass rejuvenated from a reduction in grazing, Zhangshanying town broke ground on the Winter Olympics Forest Park, a winter sports-themed construction project. The development has proved transformative for many local young people. \"The town Party secretary told me not to feel sad about the loss of my sheep and urged me to consider doing something else,\" Lang, 28, said. \"The idea of establishing a ski team struck me, and I decided to organize one before the Winter Olympics.\" He said children in Zhangshanying were accustomed to helping with small tasks for the nearby Shiqinglong ski resort from an early age, \"so people in the town who could ski generally had an average of 10 years' experience\". Haituo ski team, also known as the \"farmer ski team\", was established on Sept 11, comprising 18 members with an average age of 26. \"Skiing is like a natural skill for us,\" Lang said. \"But after our ski team was set up, our skiing skills have become more professional.\" On Dec 14, 11 members of the team were offered an opportunity to train with the Swiss Ski Association in Beijing, with qualified skiers earning first-level teaching certificates to help pass on their talents. Earlier this year the team went to Jilin province to hone their skills under the guidance of China's national ski team. Over several months, the Haituo team members have developed a series of new methods to teach aspiring students how to best traverse the slopes. \"You can't use many professional words to teach children how to ski, but we just need to use more familiar descriptions such as 'stand on your snowboards like you're leveling the frosting on a cake' to better relate to young students,\" said Yan Qingsheng, 23, one of the team members. The number of trainee candidates for the ski team has surged to 5,000. \"I hope people who go skiing in Yanqing can stay on for more coaching, and a larger skiing population will be created,\" Yan said. \"The Beijing Winter Olympics are also a great opportunity for Zhangshanying and the villagers,\" he added. \"But if skiing infrastructure is fully set up and no one comes to ski, the whole idea will be invalidated.\" For former shepherd Lang, doing his best to make the 2022 Beijing Games a success is his Olympic dream. \"When the ski trails are completed, we hope to help athletes do something with their skis and snowboards to more actively participate in the Winter Olympics,\" he said. xinwen@chinadaily.com.cn ", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "On March 12, 1958, 17-year-old Ma Zhongyu stepped onto a train from Beijing heading for the west, becoming one of the 480 people helping and supporting Ningxia Hui autonomous region in northwestern China. The Beijing youth applied to go to Jingyuan county, where living conditions were harder, rather than Yinchuan, the capital, and stayed there for the rest of his life. Fifty years ago, people in Jingyuan were almost illiterate. When a production team distributed grain and means of production, people recorded what they received by drawing pictures of the items, such as potatoes or corn. Villagers didn't know they needed to send their children to school and the children didn't want to go to school.,Ma himself dragged his first students to school from their bedrooms. Speaking of the school, there were no classrooms when he first arrived. \"He set up planks as tables in a cowshed during the day when the cows were herded outside,\" said Ma Jinqiang, Ma Zhongyu's eldest son. The village teacher had to be a master of many abilities. Ma Zhongyu learned to build houses, repair roofs, cut glass into small pieces and weave bamboo baskets. In his spare time, Ma picked herbs in the mountains with his students. He washed and dried the herbs and sold them at markets in neighboring Gansu province. If he was lucky, he could earn one yuan and bought stationary for the students.,Between the 1950s and 1970s, he spent more than 1,000 yuan of his own money on students' stationary and medical bills. It was a big expenditure, considering that he earned 41.5 yuan per month and had to raise a family of eight. Ma Jinqiangbecame a teacher like his father. In his opinion, his father's generation laid the foundation for education in Ningxia.", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "Apple Inc on Sunday said that it has already recruited over 1,000 people in its four research and development centers in China, as part of the United States tech giant's broader push to better leverage local talents to grow its business. This marks the first time for Apple to disclose updates of its R&D centers in China after the company announced its plan of building R&D facilities in Beijing, Shenzhen, Shanghai and Suzhou more than two years ago. \u00a1\u00b0We are continuing grow the scale of the four R&D centersin China and welcome more talents to join us,\u00a1\u00b1 Isabel Ge Mahe, managing director of China at Apple, said. Ge made the remarks on the sidelines of the China International Big Data Industry Expo 2019, which kicked off in Guiyang, Southwest China's Guizhou province, on Sunday. Apple said earlier it has committed to invest 3.5 billion yuan ($500 million) in these R&D centers, so as to better tap into China's talents in manufacturing, app development, design and other sectors. According to Ge, Apple has about 13,000 employees in China, and the construction of the company's first China data center in Guizhou province is going well, as scheduled. Apple's plan is to invest $1 billion in the new data center, which is in Guian New Area, Guiyang. It will be operated by Guizhou-Cloud Big Data Industry Co Ltd, a company owned by the Guizhou provincial government. The data center is scheduled to be put into use in 2020. Apple also is working hard to help more rural students in China access digital technologies. Last year, Apple said it would donate 25 million yuan to the China Development Research Foundation as part of its efforts to help students in the nation's less-developed areas. The money is used to support the foundation's digitalization program and help more than 300,000 students from kindergarten to middle school in less-developed areas find a way out of poverty.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "BEIJING \u00a1\u00aa Beijing will appoint chiefs of streets and hutongs in the urban area by June to improve environmental management, authorities said Friday. The chiefs, usually main leaders of sub-district and township governments and their subordinates, will be responsible for improving the environment around, according to the municipal commission of urban management. Volunteer hutong keepers will be selected from residents to help with management, said the statement. Last April, Beijing released a three-year plan for improving minor streets and hutongs in the central area, but problems remain serious, said an official with the commission. According to the official, only one ninth of the total number of more than 1,800 minor streets and hutongs meet the standard required by the plan, including no illegal advertisements, no road damage, no illegal businesses and no random dumping of garbage. Appointment of hutong chiefs is of great significance in protecting the appearance of the capital, improving the living environment and raising the standard of urban management, he said.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "BEIJING - Yanqing district, where the Beijing International Horticultural Exhibition is being held, has seen its forest coverage increase by over 10,666 hectares since 2012. Themed \"Live Green, Live Better,\" the exhibition, the world's largest expo of its kind, was opened on April 29 and will last until Oct 7. According to local authorities of Yanqing, the district finished planting over 666 hectares of trees near the expo venue during the past three years, and 72,000 square meters of parks were built in Yanqing. The district's forest coverage rate reached 59.28 percent as of June 2019. Taking the expo as an opportunity, Yanqing has also been developing a modern horticultural industry while promoting green development. The newly launched Zhongguancun modern horticultural industry innovation center has attracted a dozen research institutes and over 30 companies. The district is also developing the industries of fruit and flowers planting, forest seedlings cultivation, bee raising and ecological tourism, which has benefited 200,000 local farmers.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Two new railways will open on Thursday, expanding China's high-speed railway network to 24,000 kilometers. According to China Railway Corp, the national rail operator, a bullet train linking Shijiazhuang, capital of Hebei province, and Jinan, capital of Shandong province, will be put into operation on Thursday. The new railway stretches 298 km and has 10 stations. Trains will initially operate at a speed of 250 km/h, reducing the travel time between the cities to two hours and nine minutes, down from three hours and 47 minutes. It also links to the Beijing-Guangzhou and Beijing-Shanghai high-speed railways, according to CRC, which said the line will play a significant role in rejuvenating the countryside, boosting regional development and enhancing the economy along the railway. Also on Thursday, a railway linking Jiujiang of Jiangxi province and Quzhou of Zhejiang province will start operations. The 334-km line has 10 stops and trains will run at an initial speed of 200 km/h. It will link to the Beijing-Kowloon, Wuhan-Jiujiang, Hefei-Jiujiang and Tongling-Jiujiang lines to the west. To the east, it will link to the Shanghai-Kunming line and the Quzhou-Ningde line, which is under construction. The line will form a railway gateway linking the southwestern region, Central China and coastal areas. \"The new line will boost tourism and mineral resources development, promote green development and encourage construction of Poyang Lake ecological economic region,\" according to CRC. In addition to its increasingly intricate high-speed railway network, China is helping other countries with transport infrastructure. China issued an updated national railway development plan last month that envisions 30,000 km of high-speed railways by the end of 2020, when it expects more than 80 percent of big cities will be covered by bullet trains. By the end of 2020, rail travel between Beijing and most provincial capitals will be reduced to between two and eight hours, the plan said.     ", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "A man was hospitalized after he detonated a firecracker-like device in an intersection near the United States embassy in Beijing around 1 pm on Thursday. The incident is an isolated one, Chinese authorities said. The 26-year-old man, surnamed Jiang, is from Tongliao, Inner Mongolia autonomous region, Beijing police said in a statement. His motive was unknown. He was treated for a hand injury. No one else was hurt, the police said. Police found a lighter, debris of firecrackers and three unexploded firecrackers, each measuring 19.5 centimeters long and 3.5 cm in diameter. Jiang's family told the police he had suffered from visual and auditory hallucinations since 2016 and had received treatment. Police checked his medical records and found he had been diagnosed with paranoid personality disorder. On Thursday afternoon, blood and glass debris were still visible at the intersection of Tianze and Anjialou roads in Chaoyang district, which is about 30 meters from the embassy's entrance for visa applicants. Foreign Ministry spokesman Geng Shuang said on Thursday that the incident was isolated and that the police had dealt with it in a timely and appropriate manner. The US embassy confirmed in a statement on Thursday that there had been an explosion at about 1 pm on the street outside the southeast corner of the compound. The police immediately responded, and there was no damage to embassy property, it said. Visa services at the embassy were temporarily affected but soon resumed, according to a visa applicant surnamed Li, who had been standing in line outside the compound for a scheduled interview at 1:15 pm. \"I was waiting to go inside the embassy when I heard a loud bang behind me. It sounded like someone lit up a firecracker. Then I noticed the smoke rising,\" Li said.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "For Wang Rongpei and the other volunteers at the legal aid center of Renmin University of China in Beijing, offering their services for free is not only socially beneficial, but also a good way of improving their professional skills. Founded in 1998, the center mainly consists of graduate law students from the university who want to put what they have learned at school to practical use. The 200-plus volunteers take turns providing services part time at the Supreme People's Court and Haidian District People's Court in Beijing. \"Those who ask us for legal help are mainly migrant workers, older people, students and women; people who know little about the law and do not know how to seek legal help if their rights are violated,\" Wang said. \"They feel more comfortable explaining their problems to students because it is easier to communicate with us, compared with lawyers who are legally required to provide a certain amount of free legal aid,\" the 24-year-old added. \"We treat each complaint very seriously, and many of us will spend months on a case, preparing the necessary paperwork, doing research and seeking help from our teachers to ensure our clients get the best legal services.\" Last year, the center offered its services to more than 1,000 people and helped to retrieve more than 300,000 yuan ($44,500) that was owed to them. It also provided legal awareness campaigns for migrant workers and primary and secondary school students. \"Sometimes, we find it hard to balance our school work with legal aid because it is very time-consuming to prepare for different cases, but most of us find it rewarding to offer help to others,\" Wang said. \"It's not just about the clients who receive help from us. We are also gaining practical training we cannot learn at school, and that helps to prepare us to become better legal professionals when we graduate.\" ", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "It has been 10 years, but time seems to stop at Xuankou Middle School, located in the town of Yingxiu, Wenchuan county, Sichuan province. The school was destroyed at 2:28:01 pm Beijing Standard Time on May 12, 2008 by a magnitude-8 earthquake. The earthquake is known as the Wenchuan earthquake, which led to around 87,000 deaths and missing cases and traumatized hundreds of thousands of survivors. Compared to the relic of Xuankou Middle School, which is kept by the local government to commemorate the victims, the other parts of Yingxiu town have a completely different aspect. New houses and facilities, white and pale brown, sit neatly and vividly along the Min River. Over the past 10 years, people in Sichuan province have never stopped reconstructing their hometowns destroyed in the earthquake. The Hong Kong Special Administrative Region has supported the province in many areas, including education, healthcare, infrastructure and conservation. Wolong National Nature Reserve was devastated in the earthquake, with 14 of 32 giant panda houses totally destroyed. After receiving a donation of 1.4 billion yuan (HK$1.73 billion) from the HKSAR, the newly built Shenshuping protection base has 30 giant panda houses, which are now home to 55 giant pandas. Nineteen of them are baby pandas, born at the base last year. Sichuan University-Hong Kong Polytechnic University Institute for Disaster Management and Reconstruction was established to better study and manage the disaster. Officially opened in 2013, the institute has set up labs and facilities for disaster management, including a physical therapy lab, a disaster and trauma experience training area and a post-disaster health management lab. Teaching staff from PolyU come to the institute twice a week for exchanges. Over the past 10 years, the people of Sichuan have dedicated themselves not only to disaster recovery \u00a1\u00aa Chengdu Tianfu International Airport, which began construction in 2016, will be ready in 2020, making Chengdu the third city in China after Beijing and Shanghai to have two airports. Chengdu\u00a1\u00afs Tianfu New District, officially launched in December 2011, is expected to push the development of the city\u00a1\u00afs modern industries and fuel the economic development of the entire west. The new district has become an important hub for developing both a regional center and a greater metropolis.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "China's 2019 Overseas Security Risks Blue Book Conference was held in Beijing on Tuesday by the China Overseas Security Research Institute and the Institute for National Security Studies at Renmin University of China. According to the conference, 2019 will see increased global security risks. The newly released China's Overseas Security Risks Blue Book evaluates the global security risk ratings of 170 countries and regions. The United States' security risk level has gone up due to complications in US-China relations and a worsening internal political situation after the US' midterm election had impacts on Chinese companies' investment in the US. The blue book forecasts five major global security threats in 2019 \u00a1\u00aa great power games, global political instability, rising political identity, corruption and wealth gaps. China's 10 overseas security issues indicate Chinese companies should enhance early warning and response. \"Despite obvious risks regarded as normal issues, such regional conflicts and recessive risks have been increasing,\" said Li Wei, a researcher at the China Institutes of Contemporary International Relations, at a forum on global security risks. He mentioned Japan, France and Germany are becoming involved in the Five Eyes intelligence network of the US, UK, Canada, Australia and New Zealand, which will likely strengthen monitoring of overseas Chinese companies. Precaution against such risks should increase. Li Yonghui, head of the School of International Relations and Diplomacy at Beijing Foreign Studies University, warned of the risks of this alliance when US-China relations began experiencing challenges. The vice dean of the School of International Studies at Peking University, Zhang Haibin, said correlation between traditional security risks and non-traditional risks is getting stronger, which brings up questions of major country responsibility.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "A task force set up to tackle safety threats related to the environment, tourism, food and medicine in Beijing played a significant role in reducing crime in 2017, the city police said on Wednesday. The team, part of the Public Security Bureau, uncovered more than 800 crimes and detained nearly 900 suspects, according to official data. \"The environment, food, medicine and tourism are always hot issues, and residents have high safety requirements in these industries,\" said Pan Xuhong, deputy director of the bureau. As for telecom fraud and cybersecurity attacks, two other major crimes, he said the bureau had cooperated with financial departments and sought out online security loopholes to prevent economic losses of 1.98 billion yuan ($315 million) and solve 1,664 cybersecurity. In 2017, Beijing police solved 52,000 criminal cases and punished 93,000 people in accordance with the law, up by 24.2 percent and 5.4 percent respectively year-on-year, the data show. \"We always take the fight against crimes that threaten people\u00a1\u00afs lives and property as a priority,\" Pan said. \"We will increase our efforts to maintain public order, providing a better and safer living environment for residents in the city.\"", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "A designated outdoor smoking area sprawling about 70 square meters on a landmark commercial street in Beijing has sparked a furious backlash from tobacco control advocates, who urged immediate removal of the installation. The outdoor smoking area, located in front of the Beijing Department Store on Wangfujing Street, is partially enclosed with flower beds, containing 13 cigarette ashtray stands and 18 benches. Within an hour on a chilly Tuesday, about five smokers stopped in the area to light up cigarettes. Zhang Jianshu, head of the Beijing Tobacco Control Association, denounced the installation as a severe violation of the city's tobacco control regulation launched in 2015. \"The regulation stipulates that smoking venues should be set up far away from areas where people often cross and cluster, and there must be prominent signage that informs the public of the health risks involved in smoking,\" he said. He added that the area risks blocking access for firefighting equipment, compounding the hazards it poses to public safety. Guo Jinyang, 23, a student who returned to Beijing for winter vacation, said the outdoor smoking area on the pedestrian street exposes passers-by to harmful fumes. \"It's inappropriate to have the facility in the open space,\" he said. \"Most smoking areas I've seen in other countries are at least enclosed.\" Wangfujing Street, stretching 1,400 meters, is one of the city's iconic shopping areas. It sees an average of 250,000 visitors daily, about 70 percent of whom are domestic travelers from outside of Beijing or foreign tourists, according to the street's management authority. Zhang said the association has reached out to street regulators and government bodies, which promised to remove the installation. \"However, the ashtray stands and some adornments are made from steel that's difficult to dismantle. So preparations are underway to facilitate the removal,\" Zhang said. Beijing ZoomDu Eco-Technology Co, which led the design and construction of the smoking area, has built seven other designated venues for smokers across China. The majority are indoor smoking rooms at airports. Jia Peipei, the designer of the Wangfujing facility, said the intent was to respect the rights of smokers and protect nonsmokers from breathing secondhand smoke. The company was not immediately available for comment. Gauden Galea, the World Health Organization representative for China, said in an interview on Beijing TV, that he firmly rejected the notion that smoking is civilized when done in such an installation. \"By creating an atmosphere of so-called civilized smoking, the tobacco industry is trying to undermine the existing strong legislation to make Beijing a smoke-free city,\" he said. Ning Yuqi contributed to this story.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "The latest report released by an online pay-by-credit service, Ant Check Later, has revealed China's youngest generation has become a frequent user of online credit consumption. The report by Ant Check Later, an online personal loan and installment service under Alibaba's financial affiliate Ant Financial, revealed more than 45 million people under the age of 27 used its service, which meant one in four of China's post-90s generation are users.  Moreover, 40 percent of those in the category set the service as a preferred payment method on the sister online payment platform, Alipay.  The report stated the credit consumption service was popular among young consumers living in economically developed regions, such as Shanghai, Beijing and Zhejiang, and was also attractive to the peers of users in the Tibet autonomous region.  Young people from Tibet borrow an average of 963 yuan($139.6) per month from Ant Check Later, the report stated. Below, the top 10 provincial regions, where young generations favoring online credit consumption, have been listed.  No 10: Hubei province,No 1: ShanghaiNo 9: Liaoning province,No 8: Fujian province,No 7: Tianjin,No 6: Hainan province,No 5: Jiangsu province,No 4: Tibet autonomous region,No 3: Zhejiang province,No 2: Beijing", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Beijing has been listed as the \"smartest\" city in China in a report on cashless society jointly published by Chinese tech giant Tencent, the Chongyang Institute for Financial Studies at Renmin University of China, and French market research firm Ipsos.  The report measured the level of \"smart cities\" using different indexes, such as transportation, education, shopping and food delivery, in 324 Chinese cities, and polled more than 6,500 people living across China on their use of mobile payments.  The report revealed 40 percent of Chinese people carry less than 100 yuan ($15) in cash when going out, while 52 percent only use cash for 20 percent of their total monthly consumption.  The top 10 smartest cities are:  No 10 Foshan No 1 Beijing No 8 Changsha No 7 Chongqing No 6 Dongguan No 5 Chengdu No 4 Shanghai No 3 Guangzhou No 2 Shenzhen  ", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "World attention is being drawn to the possibility of a meeting of representatives from the world's two largest economies at the World Economic Forum annual meeting at Davos, Switzerland next week. With concerns over trade protectionism and anti-globalization swirling, there are signs that the Chinese delegation could meet on the sidelines with the transition team of US president-elect Donald Trump. Such a meeting could help narrow positions on trade and sensitive political issues, observers said. Uncertainty over those positions has rocked Asia-Pacific nations that would be the most affected by a trade war or a security conflict, they said. President Xi Jinping will lead the Chinese delegation to Switzerland for a state visit from Sunday to Wednesday. On Tuesday, he will become the first top Chinese leader to attend the Davos meeting. Given that Trump will take office on Jan 20, \"someone from the transition team representing the new administration\" will attend the forum, Klaus Schwab, forum executive chairman, said on Tuesday. It remains unclear who that would be. Asked whether a Trump representative would meet with the Chinese delegation at Davos, Vice-Foreign Minister Li Baodong said on Wednesday at a news briefing on Xi's trip that \"there are open channels of communication\" between Beijing and Trump's team. Beijing is willing to arrange meetings with various parties if time permits on the sidelines of the Davos forum, so \"the relevant two-way meetings are being discussed\", Li said, without directly confirming a meeting with the Trump team. Also on Wednesday, Vice-Foreign Minister Liu Zhenmin said Beijing hopes that \"the US respects China's interests and concerns in the Asia-Pacific region\", adding that China is \"willing to maintain contacts with the new US administration over Asia-Pacific affairs and discuss cooperation\". Security in the Asia-Pacific cannot be maintained by the US alone as it requires joint efforts by all countries, particularly the major countries, Liu said at a news conference. Shi Yinhong, a professor of international relations at Renmin University of China in Beijing, said if the Davos meeting happens, Trump's envoy might press Beijing on financial issues and the Taiwan question. Zhong Feiteng, a researcher on Asia-Pacific studies at the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, said that China may ask the new Cabinet to be cautious on trade policies, and attention will be given to the Taiwan question and the South China Sea issue to prevent a deteriorating regional security situation. Zhang Yansheng, secretary-general of the National Development and Reform Commission's Academic Committee, said Trump's team is advocating anti-globalization measures and trade protectionism to try to gain an advantage for the US. Trump's team said secretary of state nominee Rex Tillerson would knock China's islands construction program in the South China Sea and its policies on Pyongyang's nuclear program, Reuters reported. Tillerson's confirmation hearing was held on Wednesday.     ", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "The International Monetary Fund maintained its China economic growth forecasts while trimming global growth projections for 2019 at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland on Monday. China's economic growth is projected to be 6.2 percent for 2019, the same as the IMF's previous prediction in October. Domestic demand is also estimated to remain robust, aided by policies to boost consumption this year, the IMF said in its Global Economic Prospects. Figures show growth in China remains robust, in part reflecting resilient consumption. However industrial production and new export orders have moderated, asset prices have experienced downward pressure and sovereign bond spreads have risen amid trade tensions. Prices of newly constructed residential buildings have rebounded, including in first-tier cities following a period of correction according to the report. The Fund projects a 3.5 percent growth rate worldwide for 2019 and 3.6 percent for 2020, down 0.2 and 0.1 percentage points compared to its forecasts in October, said IMF Chief Economist Gita Gopinath at an Update of the World Economic Outlook press conference. The world economy is growing more slowly than expected, risks are rising and the expansion seen in recent years is losing momentum, said IMF Managing Director Christine Lagarde at the forum, calling for policymakers to collaborate to address global risks.,The reason for the gloomy forecast is the US-triggered trade tension between China and the US, which could dampen confidence in investment and economic development, said Wang Huiyao. Wang is a counselor of the State Council, China's Cabinet, and founder and president of the Center for China and Globalization, the Beijing-headquartered non-governmental think tank. China is one of the world's largest economic engines and the leader of the global value chain, so if the tension hurts both countries' economies it would definitely harm world economic forecasts, Wang said. China should continue its reform and opening-up and continue to support the world economy, Wang added.,China's support for the World Trade Organization and free trade is a counterbalance to the loss of momentum for the world economy, said Daryl Guppy, international financial technical analysis expert and special consultant to Axicorp. The IMF forecast does not adequately assess the contribution of the Belt and Road Initiative to economic growth - not just in developed economies, but in emerging economies as well. In 2008 the world relied on China to lead the way and 2019 will be no different, Guppy said. China's year-on-year GDP growth reached 6.6 percent in 2018, achieving its goal of around 6.5 percent GDP growth set for the year, the National Bureau of Statistics said on Monday. With the magnitude and size of the GDP at present, this kind of rate is already very impressive, so it is extremely important for China to maintain its above six percent GDP growth with continuous reform and opening-up and trade with more countries at a fast pace, Wang said.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "   Re-TROS, a Chinese post-punk rock band based in Beijing, will launch a tour in North America, as it strives for increased global recognition  Chinese band Re-TROS made its debut in the United Kingdom in May. On the first night, it performed at The Cavern, a small nightclub in Liverpool, where the Beatles used to play regularly.  Then three days later, it performed at the Liverpool Sound City  a major annual event of Liverpool.  \"We experienced a different atmosphere at each venue. It felt great,\" says Hua Dong, the band's lead vocalist and guitarist, adding that at the festival, he met some of his favorite musicians, such as John Cale, one of the founding members of the legendary rock band Velvet Underground.  \"I saw many elder people wearing T-shirts with images of Velvet Underground at the festival - which is different from China. In China, outdoor music festivals are packed with young people.\"  Re-TROS, short for Rebuilding the Rights of Statues, is a post-punk rock band based in Beijing, which was founded by Hua Dong in 2003.  Hua, who was born in Nanjing, in East China's Jiangsu province, gave up studying German at the M in Luther University of Halle-Wittenberg, in Leipzig, to focus on his music.  The band has a sizable fan base in China thanks to its music, a combination of post-punk beats and synthesizers. This April, it toured more than 20 Chinese cities.      Since 2006, the band has been performing abroad including Helsinki, in Finland.  In 10 days, the band will give seven shows in Chicago, Boston, Toronto and Montreal, as it promotes its upcoming album titled Before the Applause.  The band's debut album, Watch Out! Climate Has Changed, Fat Mum Rises ... was released eight years ago. And the single, Cut Off! was released in 2005.  With its new album, the band aims to showcase change.  \"This album is different from our post-punk music. We listen to various kinds of music and experiment. We have a new drummer, who brought us fresh and exciting ideas.  \"The process of making this album was long, and at certain point we had no idea where we were heading.  \"But this new album showcases what has inspired us during the past eight years,\" says Hua.  A 12-minute single from the album, At MOSP Here, was released early this year.  One of the key forces behind the band's international expansion is Modern Sky, China's biggest indie music label, which Re-TROS signed with in 2005.  This March, Shen Lihui, the founder of Modern Sky, announced the launch of Modern Sky UK in Liverpool in collaboration with David Pichilingi, who has over 25 years experience in the international music business, and is the founder of Sound City.  The UK venture is the second overseas office of Modern Sky.  In 2006, the label opened its first overseas office in New York.  Pichilingi, who was very impressed by the Chinese artists at the Modern Sky and Strawberry Music festivals held in Beijing in 2016, says: \"The diversity is strong.\"  Speaking about the band's forays abroad, Hua says: \"The overseas events are massive opportunities for Chinese bands to be seen by audiences worldwide. For Re-TROS, we want to have regular tours abroad, such as to the UK and the United States, which will enable us to keep a constant link with our fans abroad.\" ", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "A musical inspired by ancient poetry will be staged at the ongoing Meet in Beijing Arts Festival, Chen Nan reports. Composer Zou Hang creates music in various genres, ranging from classical to rock to traditional Chinese operas. In 2008, he was one of the composers of the piano concerto, Starry Sky, which was performed by pianist Lang Lang at the opening of the Olympic Games in Beijing. In 2010 and 2011, Zou was the music director for crossover concerts by rock musician Cui Jian along with symphony orchestras. Early last year, when he was approached by producer Dai Xiaolan to write music for a musical, Zou says he wanted to give it a try although the project - inspired by a collection of Chinese poems from the 11th to the sixth centuries BC, known as Shi Jing, or Classics of Poetry - was challenging. \"Shi Jing is written in traditional Chinese, and we spent a long time working on the script,\" says Zou, adding that some words in the ancient text were even difficult to pronounce. \"Chinese words have four main tones that are rhythmic. The music has to fit the pronunciations of the lyrics, too.\",Finally, the musical, entitled Shi Jing Cai Wei, or A Homesick Warrior, premiered at the Tianqiao Performing Arts Center in Beijing on Oct 20, attracting about 4,000 people. A new, revised version will run at the same venue on May 18 and 19 as part of the ongoing Meet in Beijing Arts Festival, the Chinese capital's largest annual cultural event. According to the producer, the theme of Shi Jing will be developed into a trilogy of musicals, showcasing traditional Chinese culture from different aspects, such as farming, customs and etiquette. The musical also aims to attract young audiences. Singers Li Weipeng, Jiang Shuai and Jiang Qianru play the leading roles in the musical, which tells the story of three childhood friends, one of whom grows up to become a military general. \"It is a story of sacrifice and love for family and the country,\" Zou, 44, says. Over 20 original songs have been written for the musical. They are accompanied by a symphony orchestra and traditional musical instruments, such as the pipa (four-stringed Chinese lute) and guzheng (Chinese zither). The composer calls the musical \"poetic\".,Born in Changsha, Hunan province, Zou was introduced to music by his father, Zou Shuliang, a pipa player, and it became natural for the son to use traditional music in the pieces he composed. Zou Hang learned to play the pipa with his father for 10 years before he trained classically at the Central Conservatory of Music in Beijing with renowned composer Ye Xiaogang in 1993. \"The sounds of traditional musical instruments exist in my DNA,\" Zou Hang says. In 2001, he obtained a master's degree from the Central Conservatory of Music and now teaches at an affiliated middle school. Zou also fell in love with rock music as a teenager, especially after he moved to Beijing in the 1980s, when the city was regarded as a center of Chinese rock.,\"Musicals are a Western art form, but when it is localized here, I want it to have distinct Chinese sounds,\" Zou Hang says, adding that he is a big fan of Andrew Lloyd Webber's musicals and the French musical, Notre-Dame de Paris, by Riccardo Cocciante. In the second chapter of Shi Jing Cai Wei, Zou also borrows dancing elements of Nuoxi, a popular folk opera in China's south and east. Originating in the 16th century as a form of totem worship, the genre features performers wearing heavy costumes and face masks, symbolizing different gods. Zou uses Chinese percussion instruments to portray the scenes of worshiping the gods and praying for the dead, especially after wars.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Two new bullet train models will be put into operation on the Beijing-Shanghai high-speed railway line from Monday. The first model, CR400AF, will depart from the Beijing South Railway Station at 11:05 am and travel towards Shanghai, and the second model, CR400BF, will leave the Shanghai Hongqiao Railway Station for Beijing at the same time. The information was released by the China Railway Corp, the State-owned rail operator.  The Beijing-Shanghai high-speed railway has become the nation's busiest high-speed rail link, with an average of about 505,000 passenger trips taken each day. Lu Dongfu, general manager of China Railway Corp, announced the new trains would be called \" \", otherwise known as \"Rejuvenation\" in English. He released this information at a naming ceremony in Beijing's Daxing district on Sunday. He said the word rejuvenation has been widely employed by the Chinese government, referring to the goal of achieving the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation. Prior to the latest models, all of the country's bullet trains were labeled with the word \"Harmony\" on the exterior of each model. Lu added the new train models were mainly developed based on China's railway standards and technologies, and were designed to be better adapted to China's environment and rail transport patterns. According to designers at the China Academy of Railway Sciences, the models would travel at a speed of about 350 kilometers per hour; however, the maximum speed of each model will be 400 kph.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "  \"Dirty street\" in Sanlitun was once famous for cheap food and drinks. Tian Liming, who has lived in the area for more than 50 years, knows all too well how the bar-and-restaurant-strewn thoroughfare lived up to its nickname.  The Sanlitun South No 42 apartment building stands at one end of the 200-meter-long Tonglihou street - Dirty street's official name - which connects the two parts of the Taikoo Li shopping complex. \"Small businesses grew out of these apartments like aggressive tumors,\" the 60-year-old said.  The rise of the street in Chaoyang district began when the number of visitors surged after the southern section of the popular complex was opened in 2008 as the city hosted its first Olympic Games. Many entrepreneurs saw great business opportunities, Tian recalled.  Since it was much cheaper to rent apartments than retail premises in nearby high-end commercial spaces, serving holes appeared in a number of street-facing exterior walls of the building's ground floor apartments. A large number of apartments, including many above ground level, were converted into bars, eateries and stores.  Soon, the illegal construction reached a point where it was impossible to see the real exterior walls, prompting concerns among local residents that some buildings' structural integrity had been damaged and posed a safety risk, according to Tian.    Soon, the street in front of his residential building was constantly covered by trash, as well as vomit and urine from drunken late-night revelers. \"The street became smelly and sticky. People then started to call it 'Dirty street', and it became famous among young people and expats,\" Tian said.  He witnessed the removal of the \"tumors\" on April 24, when the Beijing government launched a citywide campaign to block unauthorized business openings in the walls of buildings in residential areas.  On the first day, 33 businesses situated in Tian's apartment building were stripped of their unauthorized constructions and the original walls were restored. He said he was delighted, but was wary of showing his feelings in front of people who were sad to see the street lose its former \"glory\".  \"For years, those businesses that some treasured deeply had been a nightmare for local residents - if they could sleep at night, that is. A friend in my building called the police five times in one night to complain about the loud noise coming from the bars,\" he said, as he stood in front of a belt of grass that was previously covered by several small eateries. Now, only the electricity cables covered in evaporated grease remind people of the outlets' existence.  Like many residents, Tian's friend decided to move. Only about a dozen original residents of the building stayed. After the renovation, people began to move back. Moreover, the incidence of crime on the street fell by one-third, according to Liu Zhe, deputy director of the Sanlitun police station.  Tian believes the authorities should have tackled the situation a long time ago, but taking action was not as easy as he imagines.  The process of converting ground-floor apartments or courtyards in hutong - traditional alleyways - into private businesses began as China pursued the reform and opening-up policy in the 1980s and '90s, said Zhao Yong, deputy director of the Sanlitun urban management team.  \"This unauthorized behavior gradually became a common practice all over the city. Beijing has clearly grown out of that phase and things need to be strictly regulated from now on,\" he said. \"The removal of illegal constructions in the infamous 'Dirty street' demonstrates the Beijing government's determination, and the business owners know that.\"  He added that some businesses in apartment buildings remain open because their business licenses and rental contracts are still valid, but unsurprisingly business has plummeted as they are no longer visible from the street and customers have to approach them through residential entrances.  \"Who knows how much longer they can survive?\" he said.By the end of July, more than 23,390 sites with unauthorized openings had been dealt with around the city, and the municipal government has stated that new unauthorized constructions will not be tolerated.  In addition to removing safety hazards, the citywide campaign is also expected to make central Beijing less crowded and provide room for improvements, such as the construction of parks and facilities to make people's lives more comfortable.  The goal is to develop Beijing into world-class capital city and improve the general standard of living, according to a draft of the Beijing Overall Urban Development Plan, which was published in March. The process, which began last year, will continue until 2030.  In February, President Xi Jinping said the urban planners must think deeply about how the city should look and devise ways to strengthen its function as the capital.  According to the draft, Beijing will further restore the traditional appearance of neighborhoods during the campaign. In August, the revised plan was approved by the central government, the Beijing Municipal Commission of Development and Reform said.  Xisibeitoutiao, a 600m-long hutong in Xicheng district, has existed since the Yuan Dynasty (1271-1368), when Beijing became the capital. As one of the best-preserved hutong neighborhoods in the city, it was also among the first to launch the campaign.  \"Some stores selling electronic accessories near the entrances to Xisibeitoutiao had doors that opened into the hutong. Trucks would block the alleyway for hours every time new stock was unloaded,\" said Zhang Xiaozhen, who has lived in the area for 15 years.  Since 14 wall openings in the hutong were blocked at the end of last year, the 63-yearold has noticed obvious changes.  \"The alleyway is much cleaner and quieter than before. The blocked walls looked quite ugly at the beginning, but now workers have started to repaint and decorate them to restore the traditional courtyard appearance,\" she said.  \"I don't mind people running businesses from the hutong as long as they treat it as their home and take care of it. They shouldn't pour dirty water everywhere and change the structure of the houses just to make more money.\"  The process hasn't won universal approval, though, and some residents have complained that they have to travel further afield for grocery shopping and for breakfast because some small businesses, such as greengrocers and restaurants, have relocated.  \"The inconvenience is only temporary. The planning of new supermarkets and convenience stores started even before the campaign was launched. Our goal is to ensure that hutong residents can find a supermarket or convenience store within 15 minutes' walking distance,\" said Wei Jiuhong, deputy director of Xinjiekou subdistrict, which administers the hutong located on Xisibei street.  To accommodate people's needs, more than 3,000 greengrocers, convenience stores and restaurants that offer breakfast had been built or upgraded by the end of July, according to the city's development and reform commission.  The new convenience stores will also reserve spaces for former street traders who provide bike and shoe repairs, Wei said. \"People need their skills, so we want to encourage them to continue their businesses in regulated areas.\"  Thomas Angotti, a professor of urban affairs and planning at Hunter College in New York, believes that the campaign in Beijing has many parallels with the development of the \"Big Apple\".  \"The campaign in Beijing seems to be a response to interests by national and international capital to locate in central areas where land values and business potential are higher. Building regulations and zoning, when strictly applied, can be the mechanism (for that),\" he said.  New York is now divided into three basic zones - residential, commercial and manufacturing - and construction application forms and permitted uses are strictly applied in all of them. Residents can use the city's urban planning website to discover their neighborhood's zonal code and work out if they are allowed to operate businesses there.  Angotti suggested that before it takes action the Beijing government should make greater efforts to work with small businesses to improve their compliance with local laws. In many places, governments provide incentives, grants and assistance, he said.  Back in Beijing, \"Dirty street\" is no longer dirty, according to Tian: \"The city is changing so quickly. I can't imagine what it will look like in 10 years' time. All I know is that it is my home, whatever changes are made.\"  ", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "  According to the National Development and Reform Commission, the feasibility study of a section of the highway has been approved, which means the road is one step closer to completion.  The ring-shaped road, with a total length of 940 kilometers, will connect suburban Beijing with cities in Hebei province, including Zhangjiakou, a co-host city of the 2022 Winter Olympic Games.  Experts say the road will promote the joint development of Beijing, Tianjin \u00a8C a port city close to Beijing \u00a8C and Hebei province, and will also help ease traffic congestion and improve air quality of China's capital city.  Nicknamed the \"seventh ring road\" after the six ring roads that already encircle Beijing, the highway is to connect the new airport of Beijing which is currently under construction with the Beijing Capital International Airport.  This is a public-private partnership (PPP) project with a total investment of 12.18 billion yuan ($1.77 billion).      ", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Mianyang in Sichuan province has witnessed unprecedented development in science and technology since China adopted the reform and opening-up policy in the late 1970s. Despite being far from any coast or border, the city has played a part in a variety of technological achievements, such as the first domestically developed large passenger plane, the C919. The C919 made its maiden flight in Shanghai on May 5 last year. After 79 minutes in the air, the twin-engine plane landed safely at Shanghai Pudong International Airport at 3:20 pm, signaling the nation's entry into the global aviation market. In 2007, the central government approved plans to develop a Chinese-built large passenger jet. Eight years later, the first C919 jet rolled off the assembly line. The \"C\" in the name stands for China, while the number nine symbolizes \"forever\" in Chinese and 19 represents the fact the plane can seat up to 190 passengers. With a standard range of 4,075 kilometers and maximum range of 5,555 km, the narrow-body jet is comparable with the updated Airbus 320 and Boeing's new-generation 737, according to aviation experts. Brian Foley, president of an aviation consultancy in the United States, said the C919 could compete with the Boeing and Airbus duopoly, particularly if it became the preferred airliner of Chinese carriers. The C919 has been hailed as a notable achievement in the development of China's civil aviation industry. Many parts of the aircraft were made in Sichuan, including its nose, avionics system, in-cabin entertainment system, interior lighting and radio, according to the provincial government. Sichuan Jiuzhou Electric Group in Mianyang made the C919 cabin's core system, including a public announcement system and cabin intercom, according to Li Yixun, one of its researchers. The company also produced the cabin's lighting system, which features the so-called LED wall washer that creates the illusion of light rippling gently against the wall's surface, Li said. Due to its technological advantage, in 2001, the central government approved Mianyang's plan to build the China Science and Technology City, which aims to convert the city's research resources into commercial products. The government said it planned to make Mingyang a role model for civil-military integration, a hub for technological innovation, a center for technology exchanges, a base for innovative professionals and a destination for high-tech businesses. As a result, the city was able to benefit from the same preferential policies enjoyed by Beijing's Zhongguancun Science Park, one of the nation's innovation hubs.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Transportation authorities in Beijing are working on easier ways for passengers to pay for access to the city's subway system, including facial recognition technology, reports Beijing Youth Daily. The facial recognition technology, which would also strengthen security checks, is likely to be put into test runs this year, according to the report. This comes on the heels of a QR code payment system across the entire Beijing Subway system. This now allows riders to scan a QR code through an app. Scanning a QR code is said to be especially convenient at the stations near the Beijing Train Station, where the passengers sometimes have to queue for 30 minutes to buy a one-way ticket on the vending machines.", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "A railway authority in northern China has been ordered to remove smoking areas and ashtrays on trains after it was accused of allowing passengers to smoke last year. Beijing Railway Transport Court made the ruling against the Harbin Railway Bureau on Monday afternoon, saying it would improve the traveling environment for passengers. Under Chinese law, smoking is banned on bullet trains, but there is no clear ban for slower trains. Legal experts and anti-smoking campaigners say the case is China\u00a1\u00afs first lawsuit seeking to ban smoking by suing the operator of a standard train service. The railway bureau\u00a1\u00afs attorney said he would consult with his client to see whether it planned to appeal. He added that the operator had taken measures against smoking in passenger cars since the lawsuit was filed last year. On June 9, 2017, a female passenger surnamed Li traveled from Beijing to Tianjin on train K1301 operated by the Harbin Railway Bureau. During the trip, she found lots of passengers smoking between the cars, even though the bureau\u00a1\u00afs safety tips said smoking was banned everywhere on the train. She complained, without effect, and then sued the railway bureau in August. The court heard the case publicly in December. During the trial, Li asked the judges to order the bureau to remove smoking areas and ashtrays, and demanded compensation of 102.5 yuan ($13) for her ticket, 3,000 yuan for legal expense and 1 yuan for the mental suffering the smokers caused her. On Monday, the court supported her request for the removal of smoking areas and ashtrays, but said the railway bureau did not need to pay compensation.", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "BEIJING -- President Xi Jinping on Tuesday met with Rwandan President Paul Kagame who attended the 2018 Beijing Summit of the Forum on China-Africa Cooperation. Calling the just concluded summit a meeting with historic significance, Xi expressed his appreciation and gratitude to Kagame for his attendance, also as the rotating chairperson of the African Union, and his contribution to the success of the summit. Xi said the African people's profound friendship with China was evident as so many African leaders had come to attend the summit. \"We feel delighted and fulfilled to see a stronger China-Africa community with a shared future taking shape and growing,\" he said.,Noting the important consensus reached during his state visit to Rwanda in July and the outcomes of the Beijing summit, Xi said the two sides should strengthen strategic communication, solidarity, and coordination, continue their mutual support, cooperate in Belt and Road construction, and enhance people-to-people and cultural exchanges so as to enhance the friendly cooperation. Kagame said the success of the summit has strongly boosted Africa-China ties. He thanked Xi for the great importance he attached to Africa and his important leading role in promoting Africa-China relations. With similar historical experience, Africa and China have a deep foundation in their relations. Being grateful for China's long-term support, Rwanda will remain committed to promoting the bilateral cooperation and Africa-China cooperation, he said. With China's support, Rwanda and Africa will achieve faster development, he said.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "China and Qatar should enhance cooperation comprehensively in four major areas \u00a1\u00aa energy, infrastructure construction, high technology and investment, President Xi Jinping said on Thursday. Xi made the remark while meeting with Qatari Emir Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad al-Thani at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing. The two leaders witnessed the signing of a number of cooperation documents by China and Qatar. The two countries should further connect their development strategies and jointly build the Belt and Road, Xi said. The president pointed out that China and Qatar have established a framework of cooperation covering such areas as oil and gas, infrastructure, finance and investment. China supports Qatar\u00a1\u00afs exploration of a development path that fits its own national situation, and it appreciates Qatar\u00a1\u00afs stance on upholding the one-China policy, Xi said. China would like to enhance communication with Qatar and deepen mutual political trust, Xi said. The president expressed gratitude for Qatar\u00a1\u00afs firm support on issues related to China\u00a1\u00afs core interests. The two countries should strengthen communications and share experiences regarding international cooperation on anti-terrorism and anti-extremism issues, Xi said. Xi called for joint efforts to further boost people-to-people exchanges and support each other in hosting the Winter Olympic Games in China and the FIFA World Cup in Qatar in 2022. Regional cooperation and stability is the basis for the prosperity of the Gulf region, Xi said, adding that China supports the Arabic countries of the Gulf region in their handling of disagreements properly through political and diplomatic manners. In the talks, Xi mentioned Tamim\u00a1\u00afs state visit to China in 2014, when the two countries announced their intention to build a strategic partnership. It is pleasing to see that the consensuses reached by the two leaders in 2014 have been implemented and have brought real benefits to the people of both sides, Xi said. Tamim said that Qatar expects to strengthen cooperation with China in a wide range of fields, including energy, investment, science and infrastructure construction. Noting that Qatar and China are strategic partners, Tamim said that the friendly relationship between the two countries has developed rapidly in recent years. Qatar has full confidence in China\u00a1\u00afs economy, and it is one of the countries that supported the Belt and Road Initiative from the beginning, he said. Chinese companies are welcome to invest in Qatar, he said, adding that Qatar is dedicated to increasing exchanges in culture, tourism and media with China. Qatar appreciates China\u00a1\u00afs role in multilateral affairs and its constructive stance on the problems of the Middle East and Gulf region, he added. Premier Li Keqiang also met with Tamim in Beijing on Thursday.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Yanqing district, one of the three major competition zones for the 2022 Winter Olympics, ramped up efforts to develop winter sports and seek high-quality development of the ice and snow industry, in a bid to better prepare for the upcoming event. Song Haitian, deputy director of the Yanqing Winter Olympics organizing office, said alpine skiing, bobsleigh, luge and other events will be held in the district during the Winter Games, with about one fifth of all the gold medals to be awarded in Yanqing venues. He added that the district will take this opportunity to create favorable conditions for regional development and build it into a world famous ice and snow city, with the layout of \"one axis, two wings, and multiple points.\" Song said that Yanqing district is currently working on guidelines and research to promote regional development. During the Games, it will work to ensure the success of the 2022 Winter Olympics, in an effort to promote the city and the district to the world. Yanqing will also take measures to manage the legacy from the Winter Olympics, in a bid to maintain a sustainable development of regional ecology, economy and society. In the future, the district aims to integrate winter sports and tourism, and build itself into a leisure destination all year around. As the major project of the \"one axis\" layout, the construction of Beijing's ice sports training base is well underway, according to Ma Zhiyong, deputy director of the Yanqing sports bureau. He said Beijing has also built outdoor skating rinks to meet the needs for public training and education. The ice sports training base began construction last September, which is expected to complete next May. Located in the central area of Yanqing district, the training base covers 87,000 square meters, and is equipped with a training gymnasium, a teaching management building, and an apartment building for athletes. The gymnasium is composed of six standard ice rinks and eight standard curling tracks and other functions. It will serve as the training base and city-level competition venue for various winter games, including ice hockey, short track speed skating, curling, and figure skating. As of this September, the project has completed 55 percent of the total work, with the main structure and interior decoration finished. In the meantime, to develop the \"two wings,\" Beijing is also promoting the renovation work of Vanke Shijinglong Ski Resort, Badaling Ski Resort and the launch of Qidi Qiaobo Ice and Snow Town, in a bid to improve the integration of ice and snow industry with other industries. Currently, Yanqing district is mulling over regulations on funding for sports industry and studying on the prospects of giving policy support to the integration of winter sports and tourism, according to Ma of the Yanqing sports bureau. Over the past three years, Yanqing has held 27 winter sports games, including four international competitions and eight national competitions. From 2017 to 2018, a total of 14 events covering winter sports competition, public activities and training have been held in the district, receiving about 1,000 athletes from 10 countries including China, Switzerland, and Norway. The number of ice and snow festivals also increased, such as the Yanqing Longqing Gorge Ice Lantern Festival, the Yanqing Ice and Snow Festival, and the Ice and Snow Carnival. In order to popularize winter sports among the general public and promote the Winter Olympics, Yanqing district has so far hosted 77 Winter Olympics-related lectures, and held winter sports training courses for three consecutive snow seasons, helping tens of thousands of students learn the basics of skiing and ice-skating. Activities to celebrate the World Snow Day, part of the \"Bring Children to the Snow\" campaign, were hosted in Yanqing in January, attracting more than 700 children to participate. The young participants, including foreign children and children with autism and disabilities, were able to learn about the Winter Olympics and its culture as well as experience skiing. Yanqing is actively cultivating skiing professionals. With the help from industry professionals, the district produced 23 A-level ski instructors, who are recognized by the International Ski Instructors Association and its 39 member states. Meanwhile, to meet the needs in the district, a ski gear service and maintenance training session was held, featuring top-notch ski instructors and assessment officers. Yanqing's sports bureau worked with a Swiss company to provide ski trainings, with 24 youngsters receiving the Swiss national ski instructor certification. The sports authorities also organized winter sports teams in the district to carry out various training sessions, and selected 55 athletes to participate in Beijing's first winter sports games. To further improve the air quality for the 2022 Winter Olympics, Yanqing also ramped up efforts in replacing coal-fired boilers with clean energy sources. Apart from boilers in its two central heating centers in the east and south area, Yanqing has completed the clean energy campaign, with a total of 1,178.2 tons of coal-fired boilers replaced by clean energy sources. After replacing the boilers in its two central heating centers this year, the district will use no coal in heating in its downtown areas. Meanwhile, the coal-to-clean-energy campaign is also underway in Yanqing's rural areas, with about 10,000 households from 46 villages working on replacing coal with clean energy.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "China and the United States should take measures to ensure that the internet unites rather than divides the two countries and refrain from \"arms race\" in the cyberspace, according to scholars and experts attending a forum during the 4th World Internet Conference.  \"Beijing and Washington need to determine rules that allow for strengthening the bilateral relationship. Hence it's imperative that we make sure the internet serves the complimentary, rather than the conflicting, interests of both parties,\" said Stephen Orlins, president of the National Committee on US-China Relations.  Agreed Orlins, who cited the likes of Apple and Alibaba, whose cyber businesses transcend national borders and end up bringing the people of the two countries closer together.  \"Today many people in the US get to know Jack Ma. When Americans see how the use of the internet can reduce frictions in commerce, they get to share a value that is not just the realization of the Chinese dream, but the American dream too,\" he said.  Meanwhile, governments should coordinate policies to respect each other's boundaries and core interests in the cyberspace, said Wang Yiwei, a professor of international relations at the Renmin University of China  His views were echoed by Li, who believed that security and liberty stand the best when they stand together. \"If we emphasize liberty too much, security would have to take the back seat.\"", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Date: Jan 7-8 - 8 pm Venue: Tianqiao Theater, Beijing A tribute to the masters, inherit the classics: 2018-19 Puccini Festival Orchestra New Year Concert will be held in Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou, Qingdao and five other Chinese cities. The tour will combine world-class symphony orchestras with classic operas, which will bring a refreshing music feast to the audience and write an unforgettable New Year's memory. This New Year concert will bring together many artists to perform on stage, including the famous Russian conductor Dmitri Jurowski and the outstanding Serbian conductor Dejan Savic, Italian conductor Alberto Veronesi, Italian baritone singer Mauro Bonfanti, Chinese soprano singer Zheng Nan, Romanian baritone singer fantefan Ignat, Italian soprano Marily Santoro and tenor singer Cristiano Amic. These artists will cooperate to reinterpret the classics of Verdi, Puccini, Donizetti and other opera masters, leading the audience to trace the masters' footprints and giving the classic operas a more contemporary vitality. The New Year concert tour is hosted by Beijing Guanhua Culture Development Co., Ltd. and Shangzhi Fengyuan (Beijing) Fund Sales Co., Ltd., and was organized by Beijing Bozhang Film and Television Culture Media Co., Ltd. Shangzhi Fengyuan is a public fund institution established in 2014. The combination with opera art will promote exchanges between finance and art, and help art inheritance and development.,Date: Feb 20 - 8 pm Venue: Bandai Namco Shanghai Base Dream Hall Kodaline formed in Swords, north of Dublin, in 2012. As a four piece, they achieved immediate success. All I Want, from their first EP, has clocked up over 46 million views on YouTube. Their 2013 debut album, Perfect World, established them as a highly emotional pop rock band with perfectly crafted songs in the anthemic vein of Coldplay. The follow up, 2015's Coming Up for Air, gave them their second Irish number one. Politics of Living is the first collection of new music since 2015's Coming Up for Air. Kodaline was featured on Kygo's 2016 global hit \"Raging\". After a blockbuster summer including playing to a sold-out crowd of 21,000 fans at Dublin's Malahide Castle in June, as well as sets at the Isle of Wight and TRNSMT festivals, Kodaline is now set to tour Europe, North America and Asia. Kodaline are - singer Steve Garrigan, guitarist Mark Prendergast, bassist Jason Boland and drummer Vinny May., Date: Dec 31-Jan 1 - 7:30 pm Venue: Great Hall of the People The Salzburg Philharmonic Orchestra gets more and more attention for its unconventional programs, crossover projects and for performing rarely played works such as Schmidt's \"The Book With Seven Seals\" or Bernstein's \"Mass\". Whether in their own concert series or at numerous concerts for families, students and children, the Philharmonic Orchestra aims to appeal to people of any age and get them into classical music. Alexei Kornienko is an outstanding musician whose work is characterized both by an unconditional and joyful attention to text and also a boldness in interpretation. This, seeming contradiction, in fact, stands the Austrian conductor Kornienko in very good stead. His work as a pianist of the Russian school, with his extraordinarily wide classical and Romantic repertoire, is combined profoundly with his work as a conductor, which he has steadily expanded in recent years.,Date: Jan 3 - 7:15 pm Venue: Shanghai Oriental Art Center Born in the city of La Plata, Mora Godoy represents an original and challenging style in tango dance. She lives together with the technique of classical dancing and an unequaled tango expressivity. She graduated as a classical dancer from the Instituto Superior de Arte of the Teatro Colon of Buenos Aires. She began with her first professional steps at that institution. Between 1990 and 1992 she joined the Modern Jazz Ballet as a soloist dancer. In 1993 she joined the Compania Tango X 2 as a soloist dancer and made tours of Europe and Asia. In 1997 she was specially invited by the University of Stanford in the United States to teach a tango seminar. Nowadays Mora gives courses and seminars at the most prestigious circles of the genre in Buenos Aires and abroad. Her fame increased with her long and acclaimed participation as an artist and instructor on the Solo Tango TV channel, which was broadcast in a large number of countries worldwide airing the shows Asi se baila el tango, La yeca and El firulete, which became referential landmarks.,Date: Dec 22-23 - 2 pm/7:30 pm Venue: Beijing Tianqiao Performing Arts Center Writer Catherine Johnson's sunny, funny tale unfolds on a Greek island paradise. On the eve of her wedding, a daughter's quest to discover the identity of her father brings three men from her mother's past back to the island they last visited 20 years ago. The storytelling magic of ABBA's timeless songs propels this enchanting tale of love, laughter and friendship, and every night everyone's having the time of their lives! The musical is full of women empowerment spirit which celebrates the theme of friendship and love, which are beautifully expressed from ABBA's songs like, \"Super Trouper\", \"Lay All Your Love on Me\", \"Dancing Queen\", \"Knowing Me, Knowing You\", \"Take a Chance on Me\", \"Thank You for the Music\", \"Money, Money, Money\", \"The Winner Takes It All\", \"Voulez-Vous\", \"SOS\" and the title track. Over 60 million people have seen the show, which has grossed $2 billion worldwide since its 1999 debut.,Date: Dec 29-Jan 1 - 2 pm/7:30 pm Venue: Shanghai Culture Square This is the world premiere of English musical Gone With The Wind, which is based on the original French musical Autant emporte le Vent, composed by the French musical master Mr Gerard Presgurvic. This version is starred by Rachel Gold who also played the leading lady in the musical Phantom Of The Opera. This musical presents a time racked by the tumult of war, telling a heart-wrenching romantic epic, in which a girl never surrenders to life and grows to be a woman. Centered round its captivating female protagonist, this masterpiece is not to be missed.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Audiences might still remember the impressive opera production of Giacomo Puccini's Turandot\u00a3\u00adconducted under the baton of Zubin Mehta and directed by Zhang Yimou\u00a3\u00adthat was performed at Beijing's historical Imperial Ancestral Temple, which is located just outside the Forbidden City, in September 1998. That same venue\u00a3\u00ada UNESCO World Heritage Site\u00a3\u00adwas once again awash with melody on Wednesday, when Universal Music Group's Deutsche Grammophon, the world's oldest classical music label, launched its 120th-anniversary celebrations by hosting a gala concert there. Musicians from around the world shared the stage, performing for an audience of over 1,200. Under the baton of maestro Yu Long, the Shanghai Symphony Orchestra opened the concert with a special arrangement of Chinese composer Liu Tianhua's work, Enchanted Night. Then, the orchestra performed German composer Carl Orff's Carmina Burana accompanied by Russian soprano Aida Garifullina, British tenor, Toby Spence, and French baritone, Ludovic Tezier, as well as the Shanghai Spring Children's Choir. Afterward, French pianist, Helene Grimaud, took the stage for Ravel's Piano Concerto in G major before Norwegian violinist, Mari Samuelsen, took the solo lead in November, a piece from Max Richter's Memoryhouse, a seminal work of contemporary neoclassical composition from 2002. \"The gala concert was unforgettable,\" says Clemens Trautmann, president of Deutsche Grammophon. \"The concert's historic nature was enhanced by its iconic setting\u00a3\u00adin front of the Imperial Ancestral Temple and the walls of the Forbidden City. Those exquisite buildings echoed to the magnificent sounds of the Shanghai Symphony Orchestra, Wiener Singakademie and an international cast of soloists under the direction of maestro Yu, the first Chinese conductor ever to perform there.\" Russian pianist Daniil Trifonov performed Rachmaninov's Second Piano Concerto. The 27-year-old virtuoso pianist, a leading member of Deutsche Grammophon's younger generation of artists, was accompanied by Yu and the Shanghai Symphony Orchestra, which was their first collaboration. \"We had a mutual musical language, which made our cooperation successful,\" says Trifonov. \"I was very excited, even when I did rehearsal with Yu and the Orchestra.\" \"I visited Forbidden City as a tourist when I performed in Beijing a couple of years ago, but I have never performed at such a historic site before,\" he recalls. \"The performance cannot be compared to any that I have done before, which was quite amazing.\" Trifonov, who began playing piano at 5 years old, studied under Tatiana Zelikman at Moscow's famous Gnessin School of Music. In February 2013, he made his debut at Carnegie Hall in a concert recorded by Deutsche Grammophon for an album that was released later that year. In January, Trifonov was awarded the 2018 Grammy Award for Best Classical Instrumental Solo for his album, Transcendental-Complete Liszt Etudes. In June, Yu, arguably China's most well-known conductor on the international scene, and the Shanghai Symphony Orchestra also signed with Deutsche Grammophon, becoming the Berlin-based label's first Chinese conductor and orchestra. Their first recording with the famous yellow label will be released in 2019 to mark the 140th anniversary of the Shanghai Symphony Orchestra, the oldest symphony orchestra in China, whose history dates back to 1879 when it was known as the Shanghai Public Band. Deutsche Grammophon's Imperial Ancestral Temple concert marked the beginning of a series of international programs, including the release of a collection of newly digitized rare archive recordings (The Shellac Project) and new albums of high-profile performances. The record label also introduced China to its project, Yellow Lounge\u00a3\u00adwhich aims to introduce clubbers to live classical music\u00a3\u00adwith a performance at Beijing's Mao Livehouse featuring British-Irish classical violinist, Daniel Hope, Chinese clarinetist, Wang Tao, and the Zurich Chamber Orchestra back in September. The project was born in 2001 in Berlin's techno clubs, and since then, Yellow Lounge has organized over 130 club nights, each attracting up to 1,000 guests and a massive following through both traditional channels and social media.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "BEIJING -- Three more urban rail sections will be put into service in Beijing this year, the Beijing Municipal Commission of Transport announced Friday. With commissioning of the subway line link to the city's new airport, the eastern extension of the existing Line 7 and Batong Line, the total length of metro rails in operation in the Chinese national capital will reach 699.3 km by the end of the year, comparing to 636.9 km at the present, according to the commission. This year, Beijing will also work on the construction of 14 other metro lines or sections, with the length totaling 252.3 kilometers. Beijing has 22 metro lines now, with three newly opened in 2018.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Beijing's new international airport will start operations on Sept 30, 2019, the Civil Aviation Administration of China said on Friday. All airport engineering projects will be completed by the end of June next year, Feng Zhenglin, head of the administration, said at a meeting in Beijing. Construction of fuel supply storage will be finished in April, and all highway routes under construction are expected to open to traffic in June, Feng said. The as-yet unnamed airport, located 46 kilometers south of downtown Beijing, is designed to take pressure off the overcrowded Beijing Capital International Airport in the northeastern suburbs. It will sit on the junction of Beijing's Daxing district and Langfang, a city in Hebei province. It's 67 km from Beijing Capital International Airport and 85 km from Tianjin Binhai International Airport. According to the administration, airfield construction is nearly complete and the road overpass was fully connected on May 25. China Eastern Airlines and China Southern Airlines will be the main carriers at the airport. The construction of designated airline spaces will be completed by September next year, Feng said. The roof of the main terminal building was sealed on New Year's Eve and internal decorations and installation of electromechanical equipment are underway. The main terminal building, covering 313,000 square meters, the size of 44 soccer fields, consists of a central hub and five arms resembling a phoenix spreading out its wings. The new airport's construction began at the end of 2014. The airport is expected to handle 72 million passenger trips, 620,000 departures and arrivals, and 2 million metric tons of cargo and mail annually by 2025.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "South Korea's Lotte Shopping said on Thursday that it has agreed to sell 21 Lotte Mart hypermarket and supermarket stores in China to Wumart Stores Inc for around 248.5 billion won ($230.2 million). Lotte will sell a 87.38 percent stake in Lotte Mart in Beijing to Wumart and keep the remaining shares, according to Lotte Mart China. Lotte Mart has 110 retail outlets in China. Of them, 99 are hypermarkets and 11 are supermarkets. The 21 outlets involved in the deal with Wumart include 10 hypermarkets and 11 supermarkets. Last year, Lotte Shopping picked Goldman Sachs to manage the sale of its Lotte Mart stores in China. Wumart is the leading retailer in Beijing and it makes sense to further strengthen its presence in Beijing by adding more stores from the deal, said Jason Yu, general manager of Kantar Worldpanel China, a research firm. Wumart has carried out its online-to-offline services through its mobile application Dmall to serve more consumers in the New Retail digital age, requiring more brick-and-mortar stores to shorten delivery distances between stores and consumers, Yu said. He added that consumers usually place orders using the app and the store delivers in 30 minutes. Therefore, Wumart wants to expand its store coverage to reach more consumers throughout the capital. Yu earlier said that Lotte Mart has been facing competition from Chinese retailers and e-commerce giants. Due to its limited presence, it could not build economies of scale or create an efficient supply chain, he said. According to Kantar's 2017 report on fast-moving consumer goods, the sector had sales growth of 4.3 percent year-on-year. Retailers associated with the two e-commerce giants Tencent and JD led by Walmart, Carrefour and Yonghui have market share of 12.8 percent, slightly higher than those retailers involved with Alibaba Group including Sun Art Retail, which operates leading supermarket chains RT-Mart and Auchan in China. International retailers have found a smaller market presence, falling from 11.1 percent in 2016 to 10.3 percent in 2017.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Chinese technology company Founder Group plans to build healthcare clusters in five regions, including the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region, Yangtze River Delta and Pearl River Delta regions, by 2020, to take advantage of the huge opportunities brought by the new round of reforms. Many of these opportunities come from China's growing demand for quality healthcare solutions and medicines. Such demand comes against a background of a government's plan announced in March to make coordinated moves to accelerate research and development for various types of drugs and medical equipment, reform healthcare pricing, staffing and remuneration, and medicine distribution. The other two regions are the Chengdu-Chongqing area and the Nanjing area. The group, which was established by Peking University in 1986, has already established industrial parks in Beijing and Suzhou, and will build a new one in Chongqing in the second half of this year. Li Haisheng, general manager of PKU-Care Industrial Park Technology Co, the healthcare industrial development platform of Founder Group, said unlike pharmaceutical plant-themed healthcare industrial zones or parks, these clusters are formed by high-end healthcare service and solution providers, biopharmaceutical companies and medical equipment manufacturers. \"The parks in these five regions will have different pillar businesses, some of them will focus on developing 3-D printing, surgical robots and medical equipment manufacturing, some will cultivate businesses to conduct research and development for gene therapy and integrated artificial intelligence products, based on their regional economic character,\" said Li. Founder Group built its first health industrial park in Beijing in 2012. It includes chemical, biological and animal labs, which are designed to meet international standards recognized by the United States Food and Drug Administration. The park now has more than 150 biotech companies and research institutes. Their objectives are to further contribute to long-term development of the biotech industry, so as to seek effective solutions for major problems such as long research and development cycles, financial issues and resource shortages. \"The development of high-end healthcare industries can be a flexible solution to support China's public health services, as well as further compete with other established foreign rivals in the same field,\" said Li. \"We will further diversify the methods of operating the industrial park assets, and the integration of incubation and scientific technology service systems. \"As China joins the ranks of middle-income countries, the demand for health services has increased substantially. New technologies and solutions can help alleviate the problem of inaccessible and expensive public health services that have long been a big concern for the general public,\" he said. Under the company's plan, supporting sectors such as precision medicine and the development of big data systems for healthcare will be priorities for all five clusters. Eager to enhance the country's service ability in healthcare sector, the central government announced in April that it will allow medical institutions to conduct internet-based medical services as part of a broader push to promote internet-plus healthcare (that is, using the digital medium to deliver healthcare services). Medical institutions will be allowed to provide online diagnostic services for some common and chronic diseases in patients' follow-up visits to their doctors. As digital technologies have transformed the healthcare industry dramatically, Li said the use of smart and wearable devices, and other solutions, can effectively collect health and contextual data, allowing patient monitoring anywhere in the future. \"The scope of such devices is significant, potentially leading to fewer readmissions, more rapid emergency responses, and more immediate care to avoid deterioration or adverse events, such as stroke or falls,\" he said. China has already moved through the phases like educating many young scientists and researchers, and translating their academic skills into product development and solution skills, said Zhang Yuxin, a professor at the School of Public Health, China Medical University, Shenyang, Liaoning province. Founder Group owns six companies listed on the stock exchanges in Shanghai, Shenzhen and Hong Kong. Its core businesses are information technology, healthcare, industry finance and vocational education.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "  A design contest on the traditional agricultural calendar unleashed the artistic talent of young people. China Daily reports.  According to the Chinese lunar calendar, the Autumnal Equinox (qiufen) is the day when night and day are of equal length. After that day, the location of direct sunlight moves to the south, making the days shorter and nights longer in the northern hemisphere. Part of the cultural heritage of China, the 24 Solar Terms embody Chinese people's experience and knowledge of astronomy, phenology and agricultural meteorology. The 24 Solar Terms was included in the UNESCO Intangible Cultural Heritage Lists in November. On this year's qiufen, which fell on Sept 23, the awards ceremony for the Logo Design Contest for China's 24 Solar Terms was held in the capital as part of this year's Beijing Design Week. The contest was open to both professionals and juveniles, and 1,520 design works from 97 primary schools and 125 communities in Beijing were received in the juvenile group, of which dozens won awards of best design and most creative, and 60 finalists were shortlisted.,  Zeng Hui, planning director of Beijing Design Week, initiated by the Ministry of Culture and the People's Government of Beijing Municipality, says the students' works embodied their own visual interpretations of the calendar. \"Teenagers learned about the solar terms through design, which helped raise their awareness of nature and the life cycle of the seasons,\" Zeng says. Huang Yifei, 11, a 6th-grade student at the Affiliated Primary School of Beijing Petroleum College, won a best design award for a drawing of White Dew (bailu). \"I learned about the 24 Solar Terms in kindergarten and I've also learned a song about them in primary school,\" Yifei says. \"White Dew is my favorite solar term as it's very poetic. It indicates the real beginning of autumn.\" This year's White Dew was on Sept 7, and Yifei read many poems about this solar term before finally choosing a poem by Du Fu, a Tang Dynasty (618-907) poet, as her inspiration. \"Du's poem goes, 'The dew starts to be white from tonight and the moon is brighter in my hometown',\" says Yifei. \"In Du's poem, he expressed his homesickness by hearing a wild goose's honk on an autumn night.\",  \"I drew a full moon because the White Dew is near mid-autumn and used a dark color to show it was night. \"I used a pen to draw the lines and then colored my design with marker pens,\" Yifei explains. Shao Liyuan, an art teacher at Cuiwei Primary School, was awarded the best tutor. \"Our students were enthusiastic and creative about the design contest. More than 95 percent of the students in each class took part in the competition. We won a dozen awards,\" Shao says. The designs were all original ideas by the students. \"As a tutor, I just helped them to accomplish their ideas,\" Shao says. \"The competition also brought parents closer to their children, as they helped explain the solar terms.\" Yin Yue, the mother of Chen Sizhuo, 10, who won awards for designs for six solar terms including Rain Water (yushui) and Insects Awakening (jingzhe), says: \"I searched the information of the solar terms and told my son the story of each solar term. We both learned together.\" Many primary schools in Beijing supported the competition. Fengtai No 1 Primary School organized hundreds of students to join the contest, and they worked in various mediums, including traditional Chinese painting, dough modeling and seal cutting. \"We were surprised by the students' works. They were not just paintings, but designs,\" says Yin Nan, principal of Beijing Fengtai No 1 Primary School. \"The competition provides a platform for our students, so they can be confident about themselves and care for nature at a young age.\" Some of the prize winners will visit UN headquarters in New York in February. \"We encourage our students to go out,\" Yin says. \"We want to see how creative our students can be.\" Contact the writer at liyingxue@chinadaily.com.cn ", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "The Beijing Commission for Discipline Inspection of the Communist Party of China has condemned and punished executives of Tong Ren Tang, a famous maker of traditional Chinese medicine, after it was found to be selling expired honey, the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection said on Tuesday. Jiangsu TV reported in mid-December that a honey provider for Beijing Tong Ren Tang Bee Industry\u00a3\u00ada subsidiary of the Chinese herbal medicine brand founded in 1669\u00a3\u00adhad been accused of reusing expired honey in production in Yancheng, Jiangsu province. An investigation was launched by the company. Because the company is registered in Beijing, the capital's discipline inspection commission began an investigation last month to apportion responsibility. The investigation found that the Party committee of the company failed to supervise its subsidiaries, resulting in chaotic internal management and severe loss of State-owned assets, the CCDI said. It also harmed the revered herbal medicine brand, it said. Fourteen company executives, including Mei Qun, the Party chief and president of Tong Ren Tang Group, were criticized and five were demoted, dismissed or had their labor contracts terminated. All Party disciplinary actions and government sanctions were completed before Feb 3, local authorities said. Late on Monday, Tong Ren Tang Group said its bee industry subsidiary had been fined 14 million yuan ($2.07 million) by Yancheng's market regulation authorities. The company said some management personnel had processed returned honey and changed the labeled date of production. It said 2,284 bottles of expired honey had flowed into the market since October. According to the food and drug bureau in Beijing's Daxing district, where the company is registered, 3,300 bottles of honey have been confiscated. The food business license of Beijing Tong Ren Tang Bee Industry has been revoked and it will not be able to apply for a new one for five years. People involved in the case will be prevented from applying for business licenses in the food industry or engaging in food production or management work for five years. In 2016, a third-party investigation found that a batch of Manuka honey products marketed by Tong Ren Tang and imported from New Zealand had been adulterated with syrup.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Beijing's new international airport, which will start test operations in October 2019, announced public bidding for some of the food shops and retail outlets in its terminals is now open, according to a report by Beijing Youth Daily. The airport, having reserved an area of more than 18,000 square meters for building four themed dining areas including more than 90 shops, opened an area of 3,074 sq m for this round of bidding. As the high price of airport dining has been a topic of concern in recent years, the airport requires enterprises participating in the bidding to sign a letter of commitment to ensure restaurants in the airport will offer food of the same quality, with the same price as what outposts with the same brand offer in the city. According to the announcement, catering enterprises participating in the bidding should have had their business licenses registered no later than April 1, 2016. They should also have effective food licenses or port health licenses, and only operate within the scope of the licenses. In addition, enterprises also need to submit a compliance commitment letter to promise it has no major violations of law, economic litigation or arbitration over the past two years. The new airport, located on the border between southern Daxing district in Beijing and Langfang, a city in Hebei province, has terminal buildings covering an area of 313,000 sq m. Designed to take pressure off the overcrowded Beijing Capital International Airport, it will have four runways and accommodate 620,000 flights per year, according to Xinhua.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Rashmi Sharma, 46, CEO of one of Zambia's largest jewel companies, worried about carrying a 10-carat emerald, valued at around $100,000, from Lusaka, Zambia's capital, to Shanghai for the first Chinese International Import Expo. No insurance company in China was willing to offer coverage for any form of transporting the gem. By the third day of her exhibit, however, her thoughts were focused on the overwhelming crowd of visitors and purchasers filling her less than 5-square-meter booth all day. \"I am offered a variety of business opportunities now. There are people trying to become our mining partners back in Zambia and help us improve the production, and those offering to become our franchise partners in China. I am also starting to think about opening a retail shop on our own,\" said Sharma, a fellow of the Gemological Association of Great Britain and a member of the Gemological Institute of America. According to Zambia's Ministry of Commerce, copper accounts for more than 90 percent of the country's exports to China, which amounted to about $1.33 billion last year. As a part of the efforts to diversify its trade offerings to China, the ministry brought eight companies\u00a3\u00adranging from producers of honey to arts and crafts, and a jeweler\u00a1\u00aa to the CIIE. Zambian Commerce Minister Kayula Siame said at the expo she is confident her country's exports to China will increase in volume and value and become more varied because of the event. \"We have been sending copper to China for a very long time. This expo has been very critical to us to show what Zambia can offer beyond copper,\" Siame said. Since September's 2018 Beijing Summit of the Forum on China-Africa Cooperation in Beijing, the south-central African country has already reached an agreement with China to export 3.45 metric tons of organic honey. Zambia, where some of the world's largest emeralds have been discovered in recent years, is not the only developing country trying to grab a share of China's import market, which is expected to exceed $30 trillion in goods and $10 trillion in services in the next 15 years. President Xi Jinping emphasized in his keynote speech at the expo's opening ceremony that economic globalization is an irreversible historical trend and all countries should uphold the principle of inclusive development and shared benefits in order to realize common development. The CIIE welcomed more than 30 less-developed countries, which were given not only free booths, but also logistical assistance during the event. Syrian exhibitors brought the damask rose, mentioned in Shakespeare's Sonnet 130 and known for its therapeutic properties; Ethiopia offered a variety of organic spices, which have been finding their way to international kitchens thanks to infrastructure China helped to build; and Tunisia, whose olive oil industry is believed to date to Roman times, hopes to follow Spain and Italy to persuade Chinese cooks to choose it over the traditional cooking oils. Benin's World Trade Organization Ambassador Eloi Laourou said at the CIIE that less than 3 percent of the 450,000 tons of cotton the country produced last year was processed there, reducing the profit. So Benin hopes not only to ship more cotton to China, but also bring more technology and capital from China back home.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Discover the best things to do in Beijing with our weekly roundup of art and exhibitions, music and performances, and trending activities to do around town. To recommend an upcoming event or activity, please contact    A documentary movie on comfort women has melted hearts in China.  which debuted on Monday to mark the International Memorial Day for Comfort Women, has had an unexpected run.  Box office sales for the film skyrocketed to 10 million yuan ($1.49 million) in as little as 24 hours after its release, which then increased to over 30 million yuan as of 3 pm on Wednesday. Learn more  .    The National Center for the Performing Arts is welcoming a piano carnival this weekend with 10 pianists from China and abroad staging a show together.  Big names include Jerome Nathaniel Lowenthal from the US, Peter Alexander Takacs from Romania, Alexandre Moutouzkine from Russia and Graham John Scott from the UK. They will play classical melodies of Mozart, Schumann, Maurice Ravel and Sergei Prokofiev.,  An exhibition showcasing the talents and imagination of young Chinese artists is ongoing in Beijing. More than 40 art pieces including sculptures and paintings are on show, demonstrating the achievements of young Chinese artists and the development of contemporary Chinese art. Get a sneak peek  .   The Mandarin version of musical   will return to Beijing after its first tour of the country last year. Premiered in July 2016, the musical, produced by Seven Ages, a Beijing-based company dedicated to adapting classical Western musicals into Chinese versions, has been staged more than 100 times and attracted over 100,000 people. Learn more  .,   Six Argentine movies,   (2016),   (2015),   (2012),   (2013),  (2013) and  (2013), are being screened at the Argentine Film Festival in Beijing, charging only 5 yuan for each film. Learn more  .  an Andy Warhol exhibition, is drawing to an end at the end of the month, covering 41 artworks of the US pop icon, including art installations, paintings and photographs.  Warhol's renowned installation   is a highlight of the show, which is also its debut in Asia.   ", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Healthcare continued to be a sweet spot for investment in China, with funds to the tune of 82.6 billion yuan ($12.28 billion) flowing into the sector, up 78.64 percent on an annualized basis, in 2018. Though much of the investments was fueled by the surging healthcare demands of the country's aging population, it was also aided by people's growing healthcare demand and policy support, said a recent industry report. The report, published by medical research consultancy vcbeat.net, showed that fundraising in the country's medical sector has grown rapidly from the 6.72 percent seen in 2017 to the current level. The pharmaceutical sector continued to be the mainstay of the investments and garnered 21.3 billion yuan of funds. The growth and number of deals in the sector were also significant at 210 percent and 245 percent respectively on a yearly basis. The biotechnology sector attracted investment of 11.1 billion yuan and was ranked second. \"The growth in pharmaceutical sector investments was probably due to the government's policy adjustments. The drug assessment reform and the pilot drug procurement program created new growth engines for the industry and raised investor confidence in the sector. However, as the industry settles down, it may not be able to replicate the momentum seen in 2018. This year, there may be a slight decline in pharmaceutical sector investments,\" the report said. Chen Qiaoshan, a medical analyst at Beijing-based market research consultancy Analysys, said sustained demand helped fuel investments last year. \"Demand for medicines has been growing steadily and increased investments would benefit patients in the form of more, better drugs to combat serious diseases.\" Aside of the direct investments, the sector also saw a flurry of merger and acquisition deals. A total of 695 deals were completed last year, up 52.75 percent from the previous year. That number was close to the earlier record of 703 deals achieved in 2014. The medical device sector saw 141 transactions and was the leader in the number of deals. Investment in the medical device sector surged as the government stepped up efforts to encourage scientific innovation. Minimally invasive companies, intelligent diagnosis companies, as well as medical imaging companies were the major beneficiaries,\" said Chen. \"From an investor's perspective, scientific breakthroughs led to new technologies, which in turn opened doors to the huge market in China,\" she said. Most of the investment in 2018 was mainly in four sectors - medical devices, biotechnology, pharmaceuticals and medical digitization, accounting for 61.15 percent of the total deals, Chen said. Shang Yang, a medical analyst at Beijing-based think tank EO Intelligence, said that \"the investment surge has boosted investor confidence. The healthcare sector, as a non-periodic sector, will see investments grow on a yearly basis, with specific sectors expected to garner more financing support.\" On a regional basis, most of the investments were mainly in Beijing and eastern coastal regions, with Shanghai, Beijing and Guangdong the top three in terms of the amount and number of deals. The number of deals in the three regions stood at 448, or 64.46 percent of the total. At the same time, Sichuan province became the center of medical services in western China, with 28 investments and 27 deals in Chengdu. According to Chen, investment growth in the healthcare sector will continue to pick up, considering that demand is growing and the industry is becoming more policy-oriented. Pharmaceuticals, wearables, rehabilitation equipment and medical finance will be the popular sectors for investment this year.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Beijing South Railway Station cleared crowds of passengers on Monday by opening 28 windows to refund tickets that couldn't be used because of a suspension of services, the station authority said. Twenty-three high-speed trains departing from Beijing South were halted - most of them bound for Shanghai - including the earliest (which was scheduled to leave at 7:35 am) and the latest (scheduled for 5:45 pm), the station said. Some colored steel plates, which had blown down in a strong wind, cut power lines near the railway and severed part of the Langfang-Beijing section on the direct Beijing-Shanghai route, the Beijing Railway Bureau said. A high-speed G40 train traveling from Hangzhou to Beijing was halted near Langfang, Hebei province, at 11:04 pm on Sunday, when the mishap occurred, the bureau said. Several subsequent trains were then delayed until the wee hours - about 4 am - when the problem was corrected. That morning around 7, a second breakdown occurred on the same line. Railway departments launched an emergency response as services were again suspended. As of 10 am on Monday, the trains were gradually returning to normal. But thousands of passengers were held at the station. Zhang Bo, 42, an engineer traveling from Beijing to Wuxi, planned to leave Beijing South at 2:45 pm but had to wait nearly two hours. \"I didn't know what happened before I arrived at the station,\" he said. \"An hour has passed and I am still waiting for the station's broadcast announcement.\" Glenn Richards, a technical manager from Australia, who was traveling in China, said his tour group encountered the delayed train service after a short stay in Beijing and was heading to South China. The 42-year-old said he had only been waiting about 30 minutes and thought it was just a normal technical problem. \"We're just waiting for the tour guide to tell us what's going on,\" he said. During the summer travel rush, Beijing South handles an average of about 154,000 passengers a day. From July 1 to Aug 31, the station is expected to see 9.53 million travelers. The station increased the number of refund ticket windows from the usual two to 28 to help the stranded tourists, who were given full refunds. Shang Zihan, who was supposed to leave Beijing in the morning but decided to refund his tickets in the afternoon, said it's understandable that a device can malfunction. He changed his original plan and got a refund for his ticket. \"It's good that I can get my full ticket price back,\" he said. Within 30 days, passengers who were stranded can take their paper tickets to a ticket office for a refund. No additional fees will be charged, the station said.  ", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "  China's ever-growing fascination with fitness has triggered a marathon craze among the country's health-conscious middle class, but lax management has often meant race organizers have struggled to keep pace with the demand for their events. Whether it's throngs of participants jogging past Tian'anmen Square during the Beijing Marathon or sweat-soaked amateurs plodding the trails of the Olympic Forest Park, disciples of distance running are now a daily part of life in the Chinese capital. The roaring demand for the Beijing Marathon, the country's oldest race founded in 1981, is symptomatic of the boom. The 37th edition of the race last month attracted 98,687 applicants for 30,000 places, up 48 percent on the previous year, with organizers the China Olympic Road Running Co. using an online lottery to determine the starting list. However, sometimes a runner needs more than just luck to secure a spot in a race. Before the 2016 Nanjing International Marathon in November, local media reported that a second-hand place in the event's half-marathon sold for 1,999 yuan ($302) on shopping portal Taobao. The official registration fee was 80 yuan. Bragging about your marathon participation is a sure-fire way to boost your social-media status, too, as evidenced by the one-billion-plus views of photos and posts bearing the hashtag #Beijing Marathon# on Sina Weibo, China's Twitter-like service, on the day of this year's race. \"The Beijing Marathon has become a phenomenon larger than just the race itself thanks to the growing awareness of mass fitness and the promotional effect on social-media platforms,\" said Wang Jian, general manager of China Olympic Road Running Co.,    \"No other sport has a lower entry requirement than running. All you need is a pair of running shoes and you can go hit the road, regardless of age or gender,\" said Wu, an experienced runner himself. \"There's a strong sense of accomplishment after finishing a run, whether it's a 5k or a marathon, and that's proving highly contagious thanks to social media. \"Once you take up running, it's easy to contact like-minded enthusiasts on social-networking platforms such as WeChat. \"The sense of belonging and the mutual encouragement that exists within the running community is very enticing for many. Running is becoming a sort of new 'sports religion' in China.\" Meanwhile, local governments have tapped into the running bug, using races, especially televised ones, to promote tourism in their respective areas. According to the Chinese Athletics Association (CAA), 2.8 million people took part in 328 registered long-distance running events across the country last year, with remote areas such as Lhasa, the capital of Tibet autonomous region, increasingly popular as locations. The association estimated that more than 600 races, attracting about five million runners, will be staged by the end of 2017, almost 20 times the number of events held five years ago. Those figures still pale in comparison to participation levels in countries such as the United States, however. According to Running USA's annual report, about 1,100 full marathons were held in the US last year, with an average of 500,000 runners completing the 42.195 kilometers. The respective figures in China were only 125 and 142,000. \"Marathon running has been gaining great momentum recently, but the potential remains largely untapped, given China's huge population and the vast landscape,\" said CAA vice-president Wang Dawei.,With the number of events skyrocketing, cheating has become a problem, underlined by a number of embarrassing and even deadly incidents recently. After this year's Beijing Marathon, a photo of three runners with the same ID number went viral, exposing long-existing issues of people fabricating bibs or trading entry spots illegally to run without registration. The organizing committee of the Beijing race launched a probe into the incident and threatened to permanently suspend the perpetrators. Cheating to enter a race can have serious consequences. During a half-marathon in Xiamen last December, a runner who was later found to be competing under someone else's name, died of a heart attack after first-aid treatment based on the original participant's information failed to work. The deceased runner's family sued the race organizer for more than 1.2 million yuan ($180,000), but a district court overturned the plaintiff's appeal on Sept 21. Following the Xiamen race, the CAA issued a new regulation that requires all race organizers to tighten scrutiny on registrants and impose lifetime bans on cheats. \"In a lot of early cases, runners didn't trade entries for money but just passed them on to others so that the entries were not wasted,\" said Tan Jie, of Chinese running magazine Front Runner. \"They just didn't realize how big a risk it posed.\" Organizers of some elite races have been planning to stamp out identity cheats with face and fingerprint recognition technology. \"The development of the marathon industry should be accessed by quality rather than quantity,\" said Adam Zhang, founder of the Key-Solution sports marketing and consulting agency. \"Organizers should realize that the runners' all-round experience is much more important than the number of registrants or the reputation of a race.\" Providing proper facilities, such as sufficient hydration for example, is just as important as course design and traffic control, Zhang added. Illustrating Zhang's point well is the case of the 2013 Beijing Marathon, when photographs of competitors urinating on the walls of the Palace Museum (aka the Forbidden City) caused uproar. The following year organizers added another 160 mobile toilets around the start and finish areas to prevent a repeat of that embarrassment.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "A bare fragment of great canon remains after it was slowly dismembered over several centuries. To the same degree that the compilation over just five years of the 11,095 volumes of the Great Canon of the Yongle Era and their ensuing transcription was a stupendous feat of research and craftsmanship, the loss of the great bulk of that work over several centuries is a thumping indictment of some of man's worst excesses, including greed and theft. As a result, what should be a glimmering jewel of culture reposing in a Chinese institution for all the world to wonder at was scattered to the four winds, one or two bits held here and another one or two bits there, but the vast bulk of it simply lost. Instead the world has been left to wonder what happened to it all. Among the fortunate few in this sad tale are institutions in about a dozen countries, including the British Library, the Berlin State Library in Germany, and libraries of Harvard, Princeton and Oxford universities into whose hands some remnants of the canon's glories were fortunate enough to fall. The National Library of China Publishing House has published 57 photocopies of volumes collected overseas, and more photocopies of collection in Japan, Ireland and Britain will be published in the near future. A lot of effort has gone into collecting, restoring and preserving the surviving relics of the masterpiece. The National Library of China holds the largest collection of surviving volumes, 224 in all and 62 of them are temporarily kept in Taipei, and is always keen for the public to enjoy them. To that end an exhibition is held, says Gu Heng, deputy director of the library's exhibition department. The exhibits, including 12 transcript volumes, recounted anecdotes about the masterpiece's compilation, preservation, duplication and disappearance, as well as speculation about the whereabouts of the lost volumes. That speculation includes that the original canon was burned or buried with Emperor Jiajing (1507-67), a theory that still has currency. The transcript of the original, completed in 1567, was firstly placed in an imperial archive southeast of the Forbidden City in Beijing, the imperial palace for the Ming (1368-1644) and Qing (1644-1911) dynasties. It was not until the time of Emperor Kangxi (1654-1722) that the transcript was rediscovered. By that time the canon had already been severely degraded. Over about 150 years it had little attention from emperors, and it apparently became the wont of officials to visit the site where they were located and walk off with a few volumes. By 1722, 2,422 rolls, or more than 1,000 volumes, had disappeared. When British and French troops invaded Beijing in 1860 and then moved out of China they took many more volumes with them, and Yang Yinmin, a research librarian at the National Library of China, believes the Western world was well aware even then about how valuable the canon was. By 1875 just 5,000 volumes remained in the Hanlin Academy, a major cultural body for the feudal government, and within 20 years 4,200 of those vanished. The invasion by the Eight-Nation Alliance in 1900 caused further damage to the canon mainly through fire and theft. Trading in the canons became highly lucrative, some officials selling volumes they took out to foreigners for 10 taels of silver (1 tael is about 37 grams), the equivalent of about 10,000 yuan ($1,500) today. When the construction of the National Peking Library, predecessor of the National Library of China, was proposed in 1908 just 64 volumes were left. It was with the help of Lu Xun, renowned author and then an official at the ministry of education, that 60 volumes were turned over to the library in 1912; the other four were turned over in 1928. One of those was put on display in the library, along with 11 others that had been privately donated or had been returned by foreign institutions. The exhibits included one that begins with the entry men (door). One of the volume's illustrations was the inspiration of the design on the doors of the National Museum of Classic Books, where the exhibition is held. The museum shares its location with the National Library of China. The library is also the leading institution for the country's preservation of ancient texts. It undertook a nine-month long restoration of the canon collection beginning in September 2002. At the time, most of the staff who worked on the restoration had more than 15 years of expertise in the field. The principle was to \"restore the old as the old\", keeping its original shape as close as possible to the original and maintaining the historical traces. Du Weisheng, one of the 16 restorers, says that taking apart the pages and finding suitable materials were the project's major difficulties. Hanji, a kind of white tissue paper of the early Qing Dynasty that the library kept, was used to replace the broken paper, Du said. Staff also visited almost all the silk stores in Beijing trying to find a silk identical to that used in making the cover of the canon, but they turned up empty-handed. However, they did find a decorative fabric that was similar in texture, thickness and color. In all, 158 volumes were restored, and Du says he felt a strong sense of achievement on seeing the revival of the ancient books. Du has restored documents for 44 years and says he has witnessed many changes in the field, including more skilled people entering the field. The restoration effort of the canon benefited greatly from the support of the government and the public and media attention, he said, and this had promoted the standardization of the work.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "    China has over 20 million \"empty-nest\" youths aged 20 to 39, and most of them live in major cities, according to a report by China National Radio (CNR). Beijing, Shenzhen, Shanghai and Guangzhou are home to the biggest number of empty-nesters. They are young singles who live alone to work usually in cities. People with \"empty-nest\" syndrome used to refer mainly to the elderly whose children have moved out from their homes. The term's definition has been stretched in China as more young folk live alone away from their hometowns. These young empty-nesters are often perceived as shut-ins who prefer to spend most of their time in their apartments. Their main way of interacting with others outside of work is through social media. Data from the National Bureau of Statistics show 12.45 percent of households in the country were inhabited by one person each in 2015, up by over four percentage points from 2008. Sichuan University sociology professor Wang Yimei, speaking to Xinhua, said the growing number of empty-nesters was a result of uneven social and economic development between big cities and small towns. Cao Fang, a 29-year-old in Beijing, bristled at the empty-nest label. \"Sometimes, I go for dinner or shop with my colleagues,\" She also spends plenty of days at home reading. \"I've lived like this for four years. I haven't found it unbearable.\" According to data from online food delivery service Baidu Waimai, young people living alone have more money to spend on better food and clothes. And one in five young empty-nesters has no savings or is in debt. \"For the young people who have just graduated and aren't married, it's ordinary,\" said Dong Haijun, professor of sociology at the Central South University. \"They will have their own social hubs, which will not be bound by those of their parents,\" Dong said. ", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "For many Beijing natives, the beverage brand Beibingyang or Arctic Ocean carries powerful memories of their pasts, but also the history of the city itself. Though more than a half century has passed since Beibingyang was first rolled out from an old ice-making factory in Beijing, the brand, with an output of one million bottles each day, falls short of market demands now. In the 1980s, Beibingyang dominated the soda market before it built a joint venture with the US-based PepsiCo in 1994. After that, the popular fizzy drink disappeared from the shelves of Chinese stores. This held true until 2011, when the best-selling orange soda reappeared after the company won brand management back from the US beverage giant. Let's look at some pictures from its processing and bottling factory.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Zhang, who is pursuing a master's degree at the University of International Business and Economics, started working on Thursday as a volunteer for the Belt and Road Forum for International Cooperation in Beijing on Sunday and Monday. Wearing a black suit with such Chinese elements as a traditional Zhongshan collar and red buttons on the suit sleeves and on the white shirt inside, the 23-year-old, standing in the lobby of Beijing International Hotel, wears a constant smile and is ever ready to offer help. Zhang, who is responsible for answering inquiries from guests, is one of about 2,500 volunteers who will provide services to delegates from home and abroad. They are all students from 28 universities in the capital, including UIBE, Peking University, Tsinghua University and Beijing Normal University. In February, the Beijing Committee of the Communist Youth League issued a notice to recruit volunteers from among the city's college students. Among the conditions were that applicants must be juniors or above who will be dedicated to working for the forum, and they must be proficient in a foreign language and have previous volunteer experience. Some universities raised the threshold. UIBE, for example, required that candidates must have passed the College English Test Band 6, a senior-level English test for non-English majors. All the selected volunteers went through several rounds of training, including lectures about the forum and Belt and Road Initiative countries, as well as instruction on etiquette and first-aid skills. Jiang Qingzhe, Party chief of UIBE, from which 99 volunteers were chosen, said he's very proud of the young students. \"They are representatives of excellent young Chinese and prospering China,\" he said. To become quickly acquainted with their work, the volunteers created scenarios such as airport pickups, conference registration and route guidance to practice how to serve guests from abroad. Teng Hewen, a volunteer who is studying diplomacy and pursuing a master's degree at UIBE, said she was impressed by details of the training that emphasized paying special attention to guests, for example by always smiling, walking to the left of the guests to show respect, and extending a hand above a car door as guests exit a vehicle to make sure they don't hit their head. \"Through such voluntary work, I hope I can make a small contribution to China's diplomacy,\" she said. Xu Jinxi, a volunteer from Beijing Normal University, worked for five hours nonstop on Friday. \"It's tiring but worthwhile,\" said Xu, who is responsible for delivering documents and materials. \"The delivery is fundamental and crucial, since it affects every single event of the forum, which makes me feel my work is meaningful.\"", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "The Beijing Summer Olympic Games in 2008 arguably pushed Chinese sports to a pinnacle-and while the legacy of those Games lives on, the contribution to the country's sporting success by overseas Chinese is equally unforgettable. A special exhibition running at the Overseas Chinese History Museum of China not only honors the 10th anniversary of the Beijing Olympics but also cheers for sports heroes who sail across the sea and bring glory to their homeland. Through the display of 60-odd exhibits, plus 216 pictures, Overseas Chinese and Chinese Sports unpacks an album of exciting moments. \"Overseas Chinese were exposed to modern sports earlier (than people in China),\" Qi Degui, deputy director of the museum, says. He adds that many schools in overseas-Chinese communities in the early 20th century also included sports in their syllabuses and thus helped nurture influential sports teams. \"After the founding of New China (in 1949), a large number of overseas-Chinese athletes came back to China,\" Qi says. \"They brought advanced training methods and techniques. They accelerated the development of the country's sports in many fields. \"And overseas-Chinese entrepreneurs have invested in infrastructure in their hometowns and have also helped sports grow in China.\" That explains why some places in southeastern China-areas with a large number of Chinese emigrants-are the cradles of some modern sports in the country. Taishan, Guangdong province, is nicknamed the \"home of volleyball in China\"; Meixian, Guangdong, is referred to as the \"home of soccer\", while Jinjiang, Fujian province, is known as the \"home of basketball\". Among the figures featured in the exhibition, Chinese people are probably more familiar with Tan Kah Kee (1874-1961), an overseas-Chinese tycoon with a wide range of business in Southeast Asia, who donated a huge sum of money to Fujian, improving education facilities, including sports arenas. However, visitors may also be surprised to find some famous Chinese athletes are of overseas origin: Rong Zhixing, who's considered one of the all-time greatest Chinese soccer players, returned from India when he was a child. Many overseas Chinese returned from Indonesia in the 1950s and created the foundations of sports like badminton. For example, Fang Dingxun (1906-2006) visited China in 1953 and later chose to settle down, promoting badminton nationwide. He organized the first national badminton team of New China. And Hou Jiachang and Tang Xianhu, who were both born in 1942, swept the world's badminton circuit by beating a number of former and incumbent world champions in the 1970s. Although they were unable to participate in the Olympic Games (because China only returned to the International Olympic Committee in 1979), they were often hailed as \"champions without crowns\". The duo later became coaches of China's national badminton team and cultivated superstars like Lin Dan. Tao Jinhan, a former fencing athlete, returned to China from Indonesia in 1953. The 83-year-old became emotional when he introduced some of his sports equipment that's part of the exhibit. \"When I saw the Chinese national flag raised on the arena,\" he recalls, \"it was difficult to describe how excited I was. It's great to have such an exhibition introducing the history to more people.\" Tao became the first Chinese fencing athlete to win a gold medal in an international competition in 1966, before becoming the first international-level fencing judge from China eight years later. \"I want to persuade more schools to open fencing classes so that it's more widely practiced in China,\" he says. Tao started a fencing course at Peking University and soon after helped the students to form a fencing association. He only retired from tenure earlier this year. One section of the exhibition also looks at the close emotional connection overseas Chinese have with the Beijing Olympics. A wall of Chinese newspapers from abroad reveals overseas-Chinese people's pride when Beijing won the 2001 bid to host the Olympics and successfully held it seven years later. Huge banners also reflect their best wishes and solid support. \"Many Chinese people also move abroad to improve the communication between different cultures and the development of sports in other countries,\" Qi points out. For example, former Chinese gymnast Qiao Liang, who relocated to the United States, coached a large group of US gymnasts, including Shawn Johnson. Chen Longcan and Wei Jingguang, the men's double table tennis athletes who won gold at the 1988 Seoul Olympics, moved to Japan after retirement and promoted sports communication between the two countries. They are among many examples listed at the exhibition. All exhibited items have been donated by individuals. Overseas Chinese and Chinese Sports will run until Oct 14(closed on Mondays). Qi also hopes that the event will inspire more overseas Chinese to donate their collections and share their stories in the future. 0", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "The education authority of China's capital has offered training to principals and teachers of all kindergartens in Beijing to improve faculty management and teaching capacity as well as work ethics. Heads and teaching staff from all of the capital's kindergartens are required to complete 30 hours of training, which includes an eight-hour face-to-face component and 22 hours of online courses, according to the Beijing Municipal Education Commission on Friday. The training covers the management team and teachers from kindergartens of all kinds, including private and public schools. Li Yi, deputy director of the Beijing Municipal Education Commission, said it is important to raise the recruitment levels for teachers at preschools to build a solid faculty, to offer training that enhances teaching capacity, as well as to provide better packages that attract more talent to a preschool teaching career. Starting from late June, the kindergarten teacher training has lasted four months, with 200 classes designed for kindergarten principals, teachers and child care workers. More than 3,000 kindergarten principals took part in the training.", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "Transportation authorities from China, Mongolia and Russia gathered at a forum in Beijing on Friday to discuss cooperation on freight train transportation. The forum, organized by the Mongolian embassy in Beijing, focused on the Belt and Road Initiative and the further enhancement of regional economy.  The freight train linking China, Mongolia and Russia will boost trade and regional economy, said Wang Jiayu, an official from the National Railway Administration of China.  China is developing the China Railway Express, also called the Sino-European freight train. The China Railway Express train has three routes: an eastern, central and western route. The central route links Mongolia and Russia and extends to other European countries. B. Tsogtgerel, Mongolian vice-minister of transportation, said the central path is very important. A total of 167 China Express Railway trains passed Mongolia last year.  \"The target is to increase it to 400 this year,\" he said.  \"Mongolia will continue to provide assistance to make sure the path is smooth, including further cutting time for trains to cross borders and clear customs. Mongolia will also provide more space for freight trains to load and unload goods.\" Tsogtgerel said the Belt and Road Initiative, proposed by Chinese President Xi Jinping in 2013, will boost regional economy.  \"The economic collaboration between China, Mongolia and Russia is an important part of the global economy,\" he added.  China started the China-Europe freight train service in 2011, and enhanced the service in 2013 under the initiative. Last year, 1,702 trains departed from China, a 109 percent year-on-year increase, and 572 trains returned to China, up 116 percent year-on-year, according to the China Railway Corp.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "China is prepared and will not hesitate to fight \"till the very end\" if the United States insists on unilateralism and protectionism, the Commerce Ministry said on Thursday. Government officials from the two countries have not engaged in any negotiations concerning the trade friction, said Gao Feng, Commerce Ministry spokesman. \"There are procedures to follow for negotiations to get started. But the US side has not shown any sincere will to negotiate yet,\" Gao said. \"China is well prepared for further actions taken by the US and will resolutely fight back if the US insists on unilateralism,\" Gao added. Gao also said the country's continued opening-up measures announced this week have nothing to do with the trade friction with the US. \"I hope some people in the US do not misjudge the situation,\" Gao said. Such major strategic decisions are made based on an accurate estimate of the country's current development level in order to elevate opening up in the new era to a higher level, Gao said. \"No one has the right to say why China does anything. The opening-up strategy came naturally during the development, and I don't think China is doing so to deal with the trade war. The motivation is for better development,\" said Bhattacharya Amar, a senior researcher at the Brookings Institution, a US think tank. \"China is facilitating global trade through the Belt and Road Initiative. What we have seen in the trade frictions between China and the US is a negative side where people say global trade causes problems. You need certain rules to the game so that both sides of trade feel they benefit,\" he said. The trade unilateralism and protectionism employed by the administration of US President Donald Trump will push more countries to unite and protect the World Trade Organization's rule-based multilateral trading system, said Tu Xinquan, director of the China Institute for WTO Studies at the University of International Business and Economics in Beijing. The US policies have led to negative impacts for all parties, especially to manufacturing powerhouses like China, Germany, the Republic of Korea and India, Tu said. The Commerce Ministry also said that China will complete a revision of the negative list for foreign investment in the first half of this year. Areas not on the negative list are presumed to be open to foreign investors. The country also will open industries including financial, services and manufacturing even wider to foreign investors and lower tariffs to increase imports as it helps facilitate the market entry of companies under all types of ownership so they can to compete at the same level, Gao said.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "High-tech innovations have been a highlight of the 2018 National Mass Innovation and Entrepreneurship Week in different parts of China and overseas. The main venue of this year's weeklong event, from Oct 9 to 15, is Chengdu, Southwest China's Sichuan province, marking the first time for a western Chinese city to host the event. The Beijing venue will hold a series of events such as a high-quality development forum, innovation and entrepreneurship contests, a regional collaborative innovation development symposium, and launching and signing ceremonies for key projects. In addition to showcasing cutting-edge innovations in different cities around the country, the event also takes place overseas, with over 100 activities happening in different countries. The inaugural National Mass Innovation and Entrepreneurship Week kicked off in 2015, after Chinese Premier Li Keqiang proposed themass entrepreneurship and innovation campaign at Summer Davos in September 2014.", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "Chinese college students spent a total of 685 billion yuan ($99 billion) last year, with each spending more than 1,400 yuan a month on average, according to a survey released in Beijing on Tuesday. The survey was conducted by the China Campus Market Association, a nongovernmental organization that bridges the needs of college students with company resources and products. It polled almost 27,000 college students from 2,300 higher education institutions nationwide. The survey found that three main things generally mainly constituted student expenditures. These were daily life expenses such as food and clothes, digital products like cellphones and laptops and finally, academic or skills training, including learning foreign languages. The survey also estimated that the so-called Engel's Coefficient\u00a3\u00ador proportion of food spending to total consumption\u00a3\u00adamong China's college student group was 32 percent, which indicated a relatively high living standard. Survey leader Si Yaqing, a professor of the School of Economics and Management at Beijing University of Posts and Telecommunications, said markets in the three spending areas still had a lot of potential waiting to be tapped, because China has a very large college student population. Statistics from the Ministry of Education showed that as of 2015, the total number of students at colleges and universities in China reached 34.5 million. \"They are active consumers, creating golden business opportunities for many industries and companies,\" Si said. Taking academic and skill training as an example, he said, the current market size was estimated to be no more than 40 billion yuan a year. However, as more students received training to be prepared for overseas studies and there are still 14 percent students surveyed said they have never paid to receive any form of training, it can be anticipated that the market will grow bigger in the future, Si said.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Wang Fuman, better known on the internet as \"Snowflake Boy\", finished a three-day tour of Beijing on Sunday. He visited the capital with his father and his sister at the invitation of two media organizations. The family from Zhaotong, Yunnan province, watched the flag-raising ceremony at Tian'anmen Square and visited several places related to law enforcement during the visit, including the city's SWAT headquarters and a top police-training university. \"The biggest difference between Beijing and my hometown is Beijing isn't cold but my hometown is,\" 8-yearold Wang said by phone on Sunday. \"Beijing is much warmer than my home because every family here has heating, but we can only warm ourselves by burning wood.\" Wang, who was nicknamed \"Snowflake Boy\" after a picture of his ice-covered hair went viral on Jan 8, was invited with his family to visit the capital by chinapeace.gov.cn\u00a3\u00adofficial news website of the Communist Party of China Central Committee's Politics and Law Commission\u00a3\u00adand btime.com. Chinapeace.gov.cn said on Sina Weibo that the family arrived by air on Friday afternoon, marking the first time Wang and his 10-year-old sister had flown in a plane. That afternoon, they visited the Beijing Police Museum and received gifts from city police officers. On Saturday morning, the family witnessed the flag-raising ceremony at Tian'anmen Square. \"That's my favorite tour in Beijing,\" Wang said at a news conference on Sunday. After leaving the square, Wang and his sister tried rock climbing and touched a real gun, overseen by the Beijing SWAT team. The police officers also taught the children a few combat skills. \"The real gun was a lot heavier than my toy guns,\" Wang said. \"They (SWAT officers) train really hard every day, but I still want to be a policeman.\" The family also went to the People's Public Security University of China on Saturday afternoon. They visited the students' dormitory and were taught how to fold a quilt \"as tight as tofu\". Wang Dawei, one of the professors, encouraged Wang Fuman to work hard and \"try to be admitted to our university\", according to chinapeace.gov.cn. The now famous image of Wang Fuman was taken after he had walked more than 4 kilometers through freezing snow to reach school for a test. It sparked financial appeals and discussion on the standards at poor rural school. Wang's family lives in Zhuanshanbao village, which is located in a cold mountainous area. Both he and his sister, Wang Fumei, study at the village primary school. Their mother abandoned the family two years ago. \"I want to study well and be a doctor who can cure my sick grandmother,\" Wang Fumei said. Wang Gangkui, the children's father, thanked people for their support at the news conference and added, \"I just want my children to have a better and warmer school to study at, and have good jobs in the future.\"", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "JA China works with companies and schools to nurture young entrepreneurs. Zhang Zefeng reports. In a spacious hall filled with influential scholars and NGO representatives, five young entrepreneurs were invited onstage to share their ideas of entrepreneurship and innovation and offer their solutions for social issues. This was a scene from the youth forum under this year's World Philanthropy Forum, which took place in Beijing in late November. The Forum attracted over 400 guests, including UN representatives and government officials from 30 countries and regions. The youth forum focused on the idea of philanthropy, youth development and social talent development followed by panel discussions. \"These three elements are so essential for helping the global community,\" says Paul Chou, chairman and president, JA (Junior Achievement) China, a nonprofit youth organization that functions as the youth forum's rotating lead organizer. Aspiring to nurture global business talent in China, since its establishment in 1993, JA China has been working with companies and schools to deliver business and economic programs in primary and middle schools and universities in China. Huang Hongchuan had prior experience in business through selling things online, but his passion and talent for business weren't fully awakened until he took JA China classes in high school. While attending Zhixin High School in Guangzhou, Huang took economic and student entrepreneurship classes with JA China. \"They not only enlightened me academically, but also guided me to become an entrepreneur,\" says the 23-year-old founder of SupSing, an education company. Huang was listed in this year's Forbes China's 30 Under 30.,Over the years, JA China has worked with 5.59 million Chinese students to help them with job readiness, financial literacy and entrepreneurship through various programs and hands-on experience. Job Shadow Day, an academically motivating activity, gives students an up-close look at the world of work and answers the question: \"Why do I have to learn this?\" YESxBOP, Youth Enterprise Solutions for China's Bottom of the Pyramid, challenges young people to develop innovative business strategies to change the lives of low-income communities in China. One of its courses, JA Economics, has been included as part of the high school curriculum by the Beijing education authority, says Chou. According Asheesh Advani, president and CEO of JA Worldwide, the organization's mission is preparing young people for the future. To achieve that, they have developed ways to equip students with self-efficacy, a term that comes from US psychologist Albert Bandura's research. \"Self-efficacy means believing you will succeed. Once you believe you will succeed, your chance of succeeding goes up,\" says Advani. \"We believe that you can actually learn that you will succeed because the skills in the future are so unpredictable. Self-belief is a multiplier that allows you to learn whatever you need to change.\" Founded in 1919, JA Worldwide is one of the world's largest youth-serving NGOs. It has a network of over 470,000 volunteers serving more than 10 million students in over 100 countries and regions. Lin Fugang joined his college's JA team during his sophomore year. He worked as project manager for his school team and organized events for JA Beijing. \"I spent three-quarters of my college years with JA China; most of my achievements derive from it,\" says the 21-year-old international trade major at Beijing University of Chemical Technology. \"It's a bridge between campus and the real world, which prepared me in terms of career development.\" Lin currently interns at JA China's Beijing office, instead of going directly to graduate school as his peers did. He believes the experience will be a springboard for his future success. The company has also hosted a series of international activities to help students broaden their horizons and develop a global perspective. In March, for the first time, JA China will host the Junior Achievement Asia Pacific Company of the Year competition in Beijing, which involves more than 450,000 students a year globally. Students from different regions are expected to run their own businesses with support from volunteers from their local business community and compete against each other. \"I think this is an opportunity for not only the Chinese teams to host everyone, but also for the other teams to come to China,\" says Advani. \"Entrepreneurship is a means for peace, and entrepreneurship is the means for true global cooperation.\"", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "Judge a man first by his shoes\u00a3\u00adso goes an old Beijing saying. Outdated it might be, but it shows that in the olden times, people of Beijing valued their shoes a great deal. Cai Wenke, chief shoemaker of Neiliansheng, a time-honored Chinese brand best known for its \"thousand-layered\" shoes made of cotton, thinks many people in Beijing still value their shoes. He is out to fulfil their need for good shoes, having devoted more than a decade already to mastering the fine craft of shoemaking. \"I started as a salesman in Neiliansheng when I was in my early 20s, and I grew fond of the craft. Like, how do you even make the sole? I realized it takes at least 2,000 stitches, sometimes 4,200, to make one,\" said Cai. \"I asked the manager to let me learn the craft, and I have been doing it ever since.\" He said the making of a pair of Neiliansheng handmade cloth shoes involves over 100 processes, from drawing, draping to stitching. \"It requires one man to work eight hours for six days to make a pair,\" he said proudly, emphasizing that the process has not changed for over 100 years. \"We need to preserve the tradition and heritage.\" The \"thousand-layered\"\u00a3\u00adit is a gross exaggeration of the actual 30-40 layers\u00a3\u00adhandmade cotton shoes were a luxury only the rich and the powerful could afford in the past. A pair of shoes that requires at least 48 hours of human labor to be made, was obviously beyond the grasp of the common man. But machine-based manufacturing led to productivity boost, making many sought-after footwear brands affordable. This factor, coupled with Neiliansheng's fixation with black-and-white cotton shoes whose basic design hardly evolved for years, meant the brand was not among the fashion icons the younger generation of consumers craved. Cai, however, thinks Neiliansheng has a bright future ahead, given that many traditional brands have reinvented themselves to be perceived as hipster favorites in recent years. For instance, by co-designing with Japan's Mitsui & Co and Sweden's Happy Socks, Neiliangsheng has made its products more global, to be appealing for the young while preserving its core values and craftsmanship. And so, in August, the 165-year-old Neiliansheng opened a pop-up shop in Sanlitun, Beijing's key commercial zone, to present its new avatar. \"It's mostly the young people who buy our shoes now,\" said Cai while measuring the feet size of a 20-year-old female consumer at the shop. The woman said she is set to go abroad for a while, so has been shopping for clothes and footwear. To wear a pair of Neiliansheng shoes that are unlikely to be found elsewhere seemed a brilliant idea to her. As Cai demonstrated his shoemaking craft at the new store, passersby, suitably impressed, placed nearly 25 orders on two afternoons. \"Now we are also heading toward being more fashionable, in design and form,\" he said. \"We have co-designed products with intellectual property such as comics.\" Cheng Xu, deputy general manager of the company, said he hoped such pop-up shops would dispel the stereotypes that people hold of traditional handcrafted brands. According to a report in China Business Herald, since 2010, the brand saw steady growth in sales, with its annual revenue staying above 100 million yuan ($14.58 million). To encourage time-honored brands such as Neiliansheng to reinvent themselves and withstand competition from modern, technologically superior manufacturers, a number of ministries, including the Ministry of Commerce, released a guideline last year to promote their crafts, products and technologies unique to China. The unique products, exquisite skills and service concepts have been passed down from generation to generation. They are the carriers of the craftsman spirit of China and are of huge significance to the economy, local brands and cultural values, the guideline stated. According to the Ministry of Commerce's research, 1,128 companies are regarded as traditional Chinese brands. Their average age is 140 years. \"At least 40 percent of the traditional brands are developing well. Half of them are maintaining a stable performance, while 10 percent are facing trouble,\" said Fang Aiqing, a former vice-minister. As per official data, 788 traditional brands surveyed by the ministry earned a total revenue of over 9 trillion yuan in 2017, up 6 percent year-on-year, while their collective profit grew by 20 percent to 765.8 billion yuan.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Maison and Object showcases creative products in Beijing. A little bit of Parisian savoir faire has found its way to Beijing as the Maison and Object Design Pavilion recently opened at WF Central, a shopping center in the capital. The pavilion, which originates from Paris and showcases more than 30 brands - 12 of which are making their Chinese debut - will run for two months. In addition, the pavilion will showcase the works of six designers who have been awarded the accolade \"designer of the year\" by M&O, including: Andre Fu from Hong Kong, the founder of AFSO; Euge ni Quitllet, a Catalonian designer whose works are characterized by flow design and digital precision; Oki Santo from Japan, who drew inspiration from Japanese minimalism; Philippe Nigro, a veteran French designer who has been working in the industry for more than 20 years; Ramy Fischler, a Belgian designer who is deeply influenced by film art and Tom Dixon, a self-taught British designer, who was awarded an OBE (Officer of the Order of the British Empire) by the Queen in recognition of his outstanding achievements in the design industry. Based on the image of King Kong, the giant ape from the eponymous 1933 Hollywood classic, a five-meter high pink polyethylene gorilla lamp named \"Kong\" has been erected and will serve as pavilion's mascot. Together with 19 others - in smaller sizes and in varying colors of pink, black and white - they welcome the visitors at the entrance of the shopping center. Originally designed by Qeeboo, a furniture and accessory brand launched by Italian designer Stefano Giovannoni in 2016, each one of them is holding a flashlight. A blue Iron archway forms the entrance to the main exhibition area on the third floor of the shopping center, while a bridge made from the same material is suspended from the ceiling. These curation settings apparently represent the oriental culture and Chinese traditional elements that the local residents are familiar with. Fu and Nigro attended the opening ceremony and talked about their design philosophies. With the theme of Love Design, Fu revealed that he wanted to strike a chord with the visitors of the pavilion - to let the audiences discover the attention that he paid to the design of the objects, and that his spirit will reach their heart and create a new memory. \"The lifestyle is not intentionally created, but it comes from the heart,\" he explained. \"The hardest challenge for me as a designer is to hold on to my own belief. It's important to be truthful to myself, and create products that I truly believe in.\",He claimed that design is not just about responding to what's fashionable at the moment, or what's the \"in\" color. For an interior designer who is also an architect, his commercial design work usually expresses his feeling toward the city, the context of the neighborhood and how he feels about the particular brand that he is collaborating with at the time. Having studied his master's degree in architecture at the University of Cambridge in the United Kingdom, Fu has absorbed wisdom from mixed cultural backgrounds. However, he never bothers to distinguish the origins of elements that he applies to his designs. \"I hate to generalize eastern culture as a whole, as well as the western culture. I draw inspiration from the life that I live,\" Fu said. Nigro defined luxurious design as high quality personalized objects, made of superb materials, which exude elegance. He pays a lot of attention to the functionality of the products he designs, and he wants to establish an intimate relationship between the object and its user. He also showed his appreciation toward M&O. He said that being recognized as designer of the year in 2014 has brought him much more visibility and awareness, and the chance to collaborate with different brands including the likes of Japanese automotive company, Lexus. He described the pavilion by saying that it exhibits everything that people who live in a house will ever need.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Beijing authorities have banned fireworks inside the city due to their effects on air pollution and the casualties caused by fireworks in recent years.  According to the regulation, passed on Friday by the standing committee of the Beijing Municipal People's Congress, fireworks are banned within the Fifth Ring Road, and district authorities outside the Fifth Ring Road can set areas where fireworks are banned or restricted.  In restricted areas outside the Fifth Ring Road, fireworks are allowed only on the eve and the first day of the Lunar New Year, as well as from 7 am to midnight from the second day to the 15th day of the Lunar New Year.  National and municipal celebrations and holidays that require official fireworks displays will be approved and announced by the Beijing municipal government.  Previously, setting off fireworks within Beijing's Fifth Ring Road was allowed only at Lunar New Year and the Lantern Festival.  \"To prevent accidents, like fires and injuries, I support the ban. Although fireworks play an important role in China to celebrate weddings and festivals, there are other options, such as environmentally friendly fireworks, which contain no sulfur and produce less smoke,\" said Song Qi, an IT programmer in Beijing.  On Sina Weibo, a netizen named \"Tutu\" said that some residents living inside the Fifth Ring Road may feel sad about not seeing fireworks during the Spring Festival and suggested the government hold public fireworks shows.  \"Policies can be put in place to make people who set off fireworks responsible for other's injuries. If people don't follow the rules, they should be harshly punished,\" Tutu said.  According to an official with the legal affairs office of the Beijing municipal government, dozens of people were injured or killed in fireworks-related accidents during the Lunar New Year periods between 2015 and 2017.  There was several days of heavy air pollution during the festival in each of the past five years, the official said.  In 2011, the capital's fire department banned fireworks within 60 meters of residential buildings of more than 10 stories and commercial buildings over 24 meters high during the Lantern Festival. It was the first time Beijing had implemented a fireworks ban since the city held the 2008 Olympic Games.  In 2013, firework celebrations were banned in Beijing during periods when serious air pollution was forecast.  Xinhua contributed to this story.  yangwanli@chinadaily.com.cn ", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "BEIJING -- Chinese actor Ge You has won a lawsuit against a travel company that used his image without permission. The image used by the company was taken from the sitcom \"I love my family,\" and shows Ge lazing on a couch. The photograph has also become a Chinese Internet meme known as \"Ge You-esque slouching\" and is used by netizens to express their laziness. Beijing-based travel company eLong was found to use the photo and other Ge portraits for advertising a garment brand on a company social network account in July 2016, according to a statement by the Beijing Municipal First Intermediate People's Court on Saturday. The company mentioned Ge's name several times by saying \"Ge You-esque slouching\" in photo captions, according to the statement. After a complaint by the actor, eLong deleted the photos in August 2016 and issued an open letter of apology in December of the same year. Ge believed the apology was another form of commercial promotion, and filed a lawsuit against the company at the Haidian District People's Court. In the first instance, the Haidian court ruled that eLong must pay compensation of 75,000 yuan ($11,842) and apologize to Ge for infringement of image rights. The municipal court accepted eLong's appeal in January, but ultimately backed the Haidian court ruling. Ge You is a household name in China. His films include \"If you are the one,\" \"Sacrifice\" and \"Be there or be square.\"", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "A longer Fuxing bullet train made its debut on Saturday whose 17 cars make room for 90 additional passengers. The train, which carries a maximum of 1,283 passengers, travels on the Beijing and Shanghai high-speed rail line at a top speed of 350 kilometers per hour. It has 22 business class seats, 148 first-class seats and 1,113 second-class seats. The first of these longer Fuxing trains left Beijing on Saturday at noon and arrived in Shanghai Hongqiao Railway Station at 4:36 pm. The Fuxing, or Rejuvenation, is China's self-developed bullet train. Before the launch of the 17 carriage-train, the longest Fuxing had 16 carriages. Fuxing trains took to the rails in June 2017, first with eight carriages, and in July 2018 with 16 carriages. The 17-carriage version is 439.9 meters long. Miao Zheng, the driver of the first 17-carriage Fuxing, said the train added an extra carriage between the 15th and 16th carriage, expanding the total length of the train from 414 meters to about 440 meters, according to Beijing News. China began using a new national railway schedule on Saturday that adds 16 services on the Beijing-Shanghai high-speed rail line. As the high-speed rail network expands, the bullet train has become one of the Chinese people's favorite means of travel. Some 20.6 million trips were made on Dec 30 and 31, the first two days of the New Year holiday, a year-on-year increase of 549,000, according to CRC. The company estimated some 413.3 million trips will be made between Jan 21 and March 1, the 40-day Spring Festival travel rush, a year-on-year increase of 8.3 percent. Some 10.33 million trips are expected to be made each day, setting a new record. Spring Festival is China's most important holiday and also the most challenging time for transportation departments. Tickets can be bought 30 days in advance via the internet and by phone. On Sunday, tickets went on sale for Chinese Lunar New Year's Eve, Feb 4. With 29,000 km of high-speed rail track, China has more than two-thirds of the world's high-speed railways, according to CRC. The company plans to put 3,200 km of new high-speed rail track into operation this year, putting it one year ahead of its schedule for having a 30,000-km high-speed rail network.", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "City dwellers no longer need to search for long to find a place to exercise, as the nation's sports industry boom is prompting urban planning to evolve to suit citizens' growing demand for fitness and exercise spaces. Channel Five Sports Space, the first comprehensive public sports venue in Beijing, was launched on Aug 4. As a response to the nation's scientific health and fitness strategy, called Healthy China 2030, the Sports Space was established to integrate digital and physical resources for the public. \"We are aiming to build the Yelp of the sports industry,\" said Hong Ping, president of ZhongShiLiangZhong (Beijing) Cultural Media Co Ltd, the company responsible for operating the Sports Space. \"We are building a public sports service platform, integrating online and offline resources in all fields in the sports industry.\" In the 5,000-square-meter Sports Space, both young and old alike are able to enjoy a wide variety of activities, including table tennis, wrestling, taekwondo and aikido. LeFit, a new concept gym chain startup, was among the first fitness brands to open an outlet within the new venue. According to statistics from the General Administration of Sport, China currently only has 1.5 square meters of sports-dedicated space per capita, while the United States has 16 square meters. Most sports stadiums in China are owned by the government or schools. Sports areas open to the nation's sports, education and military sectors account for over 60 percent of the total, of which only 29.2 percent is accessible to the public. He Wenyi, executive director of Peking University's China Institute for Sports Value, said the central authorities' guideline issued in 2014 to promote the development of the sports industry has not yet been fully implemented. \"The nation's public sports sector is in its infancy, but the potential is huge. Urban areas need to provide more facilities to boost participation in sports and satisfy the public's diverse needs and preferences,\" He said. \"We hope Sports Space's business model can be applied to other regions in China. In the future, we may tap into this model further, such as building sports leisure towns and sports amusement parks,\" he said. According to ZhongShiLiangZhong, the company plans to open more Sports Spaces in other cities, including Shanghai, Tianjin and Xi'an in Shaanxi province. Its final goal is to establish more than 1,000 such spaces across over 100 cities in China.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "A Tsinghua professor discusses the value of exchanges to such realms as cultural communication, heritage preservation and innovation, Fang Aiqing reports. Cultural exchanges and fusion have produced creative thinking and sustainable development, Lyu Zhou said during a session at the Conference on Dialogue of Asian Civilizations in Beijing on May 15. The Tsinghua University architecture professor adds that it's an important starting point to discuss exchanges of Asian cultures and civilizations. He was speaking at a session titled Safeguarding the Diversity of Asian Civilizations held by the Ministry of Education and UNESCO. Quanzhou in East China's Fujian province is a notable hub of the ancient Maritime Silk Road and has been a rendezvous point for religious cultures, including Buddhism, Hinduism, Islam and Manicheism. Lyu says the city's Manichean statue is the only one in the world. He points to it as an example of innovative development brought about by cultural exchanges. He calls for greater support for the application of the Historic Monuments and Sites of Ancient Quanzhou (Zayton) for UNESCO World Heritage listing in a year or two.,He also mentions how Buddhist architecture changed after arriving in China. Buddhist stupas - dome-shaped shrines that house relics - were infused with the local belief that sacred people \"dwell on high\" and evolved into what became known as tacha - the top part of a pagoda that's seen as a symbol of China's wooden pavilions. Changes in architectural style followed the voyages of Tang Dynasty (618-907) monk Jianzhen (688-763) to Japan, during which he brought Buddhism to the country. Chinese silk and porcelain promoted social and economic development along the ancient Silk Road and changed Westerners' lifestyles, while furniture, especially chairs, introduced to China since the Tang Dynasty changed Chinese people's habit of sitting on the ground, Lyu says. Chinese later infused such furnishings with local aesthetics and craftsmanship, and, during the Ming Dynasty (1368-1644), developed a furniture style that represented a pinnacle of art and skill. \"Cultural exchanges help us develop our own civilizations. It's mutual development rather than diminishing diversity, so that every civilization would benefit through the process. That's why we invite our neighbors to discuss Asian problems together,\" Lyu told Mobiheritage, an academic WeChat account that focuses on cultural-heritage preservation, after the session.,Jing Feng, chief of the Asia and the Pacific Unit at UNESCO's World Heritage Centre, said in a previous interview with the China News Service that UNESCO has been actively promoting intercultural dialogue as one of its core missions, and it's actively supporting and participating in the CDAC. He says cooperation in world-heritage preservation provides the CDAC with a good starting point to better present its role as an exchange platform. Lyu is the director of Tsinghua's National Heritage Center and vice-president of the Chinese National Committee for the International Council on Monuments and Sites. In December, he was elected as one of two co-chairs of the intergovernmental coordinating committee on the serial transnational world heritage nomination of the Silk Roads. The committee, founded in 2009, promotes coordination and cooperation around the protection and management of heritage in 14 countries along the ancient route in recent years. In 2014, Silk Roads: The Routes Network of the Chang'an-Tianshan Corridor, which spans 5,000 kilometers from Central China to Central Asia, became UNESCO's first transnational world-heritage site supported by a joint application by China, Kazakhstan and Kyrgyzstan.,Lyu has continued tracking World Heritage Committee sessions and examining the development of preservation over the years. He says China has leapfrogged in many realms, accumulated considerable experience and engaged in international communication. The way in which social forces have contributed to preservation, in addition to government efforts, have raised new questions, he says. How can stakeholders be mobilized? How can preservation work promote sustainable development and improve quality of life? Lyu cites the UNESCO site Gulangyu - a historical international settlement in Fujian - as an example of community preservation and effective responses to cultural exchanges. China needs more time to propose solutions and operational rules for institutionalization, and to align it with social interests, Lyu says. China is attaching growing importance to expressing cultural-heritage-preservation concepts to the international community. Lyu is leading the preparations for the application of Beijing's central axis - the roughly 8-km notational line along the city's historical center - to be listed by UNESCO. The work also includes explorations and discussions with international experts to define heritage's spatial scale in Beijing's historical area. \"The levels, content and ways of communication in international exchanges have been expanded,\" he says, adding that China is supporting international preservation. A China-Africa seminar on knowledge sharing and capacity building around world-heritage preservation will be staged in June to promote cooperation, he says. ", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "HONG KONG -- \"I didn't think of studying in the Chinese mainland until I went on a trip to Beijing last November,\" Mejorada Nicole Katelyn Remeticado, a Filipino student in the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (SAR), told Xinhua her latest plan for the future. Remeticado is a student from Caritas Tuen Mun Marden Foundation Secondary School in the New Territories of Hong Kong, a local high school with a total of some 300 students from over 15 countries and regions. Unlike those famous local schools in Hong Kong, Marden Foundation Secondary School has not gained much attention from the society until recent years when the Belt and Road has become one of the buzzwords following its announcement in 2013. The Belt and Road Initiative refers to the Silk Road Economic Belt and the 21st Century Maritime Silk Road, aiming at building a trade and infrastructure network connecting Asia with Europe, Africa and beyond through the ancient trade routes of the Silk Road. Promoting cultural and people-to-people exchanges between China and other countries and regions participating in the Belt and Road cooperation is one of the five areas of connectivity proposed in the initiative. The school capitalizes on their \"Belt and Road population\" to enhance students' knowledge about the initiative and present young people with education opportunities in the mainland. According to Chu Yuen Yee, the assistant principal of the school, a large number of their students came from Belt and Road countries and regions, including Nepal, Pakistan, India, Yemen, Indonesia, Vietnam and the Philippines. During a trip to Beijing organized by her school in November last year, Remeticado visited the Beijing Foreign Studies University, where she met with a couple of alumni from Marden Foundation. \"They shared with me their college life in Beijing which I found impressive,\" the teenager said. \"I would like to do my tertiary education outside Hong Kong, and the mainland is definitely one of my choices.\" Like many of her fellow schoolmates, Remeticado learnt about the Belt and Road Initiative during Liberal Studies class, a core subject in Hong Kong high-school education. \"It's initiated by China with the aim to connect different countries together,\" she said. Lai Man Fat, Remeticado's Liberal Studies teacher, said that by talking about culture, they help students to build the concept of what the initiative is all about. \"We encouraged our students to start from their own culture in particular,\" which, Lai said, is an easier and more interesting way for young people to understand a national-level policy. The school has set up a Belt and Road exhibition room on the campus, showcasing national costumes, currencies and utensils from various countries and regions. They even extended the education about Belt and Road outside classroom, by organizing visits to the mainland, for instance. Besides, they have built collaborations with a number of universities on the mainland, all for creating a better path for students' future. \"Hong Kong is not a market big enough for students from Belt and Road countries and regions to develop their career,\" Yuen Kwok Ming, principal of the school, said. \"The mainland is a huge market and has close ties with different countries in business and economics, allowing young people to make the best of their talent.\"", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "The government will promote a more balanced development in the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei cluster, with particular focus on improving transportation, environmental protection and industrial upgrades this year, according to the nation's top economic regulator. Under the plan, a project database will be set up to help facilitate lending to key projects this year in the region, said an official document. Such efforts come as the central government intends to ease the mega-city syndrome of the capital, ease congestion and integrate regional economies for more balanced development. By the end of 2020, around 1,000 manufacturing industries and 300 logistics centers in Beijing will be either shut down or relocated to nearby places, as part of efforts to relocate Beijing's non-capital functions, according to Liu Bozheng, deputy head of Beijing coordinated development office.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "College graduates in China are leaving first-tier cities for second-tier ones, according to the annual College Graduates' Employment Report issued on Monday. The report said that only 21 percent of college graduates last year chose to work in first-tier cities-Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou and Shenzhen-down 4 percentage points from 2014. Last year, 24 percent of college graduates chose to leave first-tier cities after working there for three years, up 6 percentage points from 2014. The report also found that leading second-tier cities are luring more recent graduates. Around 37.3 percent of college graduates who chose to work in one of the top 10 second-tier cities such as Hangzhou, Chengdu, Ningbo and Wuhan were from other regions in 2018, up 9.4 percentage points from 2014, the report said. The report, the 11th of its kind, was based on a survey of 303,000 graduates from 30 provincial-level regions. It was released by MyCOS, an education consulting and research institute in Beijing, and Social Sciences Academic Press (China), part of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences. Wang Boqing, founder of MyCOS, said large populations, traffic congestion, smog, surging property prices and difficulty in obtaining permanent residence, or hukou, have made life in first-tier cities less attractive for college graduates, which gives second-tier cities an opportunity to attract talented workers. Second-tier cities have also rolled out favorable policies to attract university graduates, which include preferential treatment to obtain hukou, as well as housing and government subsidies, he said. Those cities should maintain their advantages, such as a low cost of living and nicer environment, to retain their appeal, he added. Bai Fan, who graduated in 2015, moved to Ningbo after working in Shenzhen for about one year because he felt too much pressure working in a first-tier city. \"I had to work till 10 pm almost everyday in Shenzhen but after I moved to Ningbo, I can leave work around 5 pm. I feel much more relaxed in Ningbo as it is much cheaper to live there and the city has a much slower pace of life,\" he said. Wang Xin left Beijing in 2017 after working there for two years and found a new job in Hangzhou. \"I don't dislike Beijing, in fact I enjoyed working there quite a lot. However, the high housing prices and difficulty to obtain hukou in the city meant it was very hard for me to live there permanently,\" he said. Wang added that if he works hard enough, buying an apartment in Hangzhou is within reach. China's universities are expected to produce a record 8.34 million graduates this year, up 140,000 from a year earlier, according to the Ministry of Education. Employment is being emphasized by the government this year. Its employment-first policy was included as one of the State's three macro policies for the first time in March, together with fiscal and monetary policies. In this year's Government Work Report, Premier Li Keqiang said that employment is the cornerstone of well-being and the wellspring of wealth. First and foremost, maintaining stable growth ensures employment, Li said.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "\"Version 2.0\" of China's plan to open the financial sector to foreign investors was reinforced during the weekend when a senior regulator said market access thresholds for banks and insurance companies would be lowered or abolished. Speaking on Saturday, Wang Zhaoxing, vice-chairman of the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission, said some rules, including certain \"quantitative\" requirements on the scale, years of operation and share proportions of foreign financial institutions will be eased. The move is aimed at persuading more professional overseas banks and insurance companies to enter the Chinese market. \"We are studying withdrawing or lowering these restrictions,\" Wang told the audience at the China Development Forum 2019, a large event that has been held by the think tank of the State Council, China's Cabinet, for 20 consecutive years. Wang said the regulator will allow foreign companies to provide more diversified financial products and services in the onshore market, taking advantage of their capabilities in terms of risk control and high-standard compliance. Executives of foreign financial institutions expect the \"second stage\" of China's financial opening-up to progress at a faster pace than previous developments and feature more market-oriented competition. \"We hope progress will continue and the Chinese market can keep opening so our bank can provide more business here,\" said Bill Winters, CEO of Standard Chartered Group, who expected to see more unified competition rules. Further opening-up of the financial sector seeks to channel more foreign capital to support economic growth amid trade tensions and weaker domestic investment. Last year, Yi Gang, governor of the People's Bank of China, the central bank, announced a package of financial opening measures. During the past year, the Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission has launched 15 specific policies to open the market further. The measures include allowing foreign-funded banks to conduct operations such as underwriting government bonds, and lifting foreign ownership limits on banks and financial asset management firms. In his address on Saturday, Wang stressed that during the extended opening-up procedure, regulators will work to prevent systemic risks by strengthening the prevention of financial risks and building financial regulatory capacity compatible with the greater openness of the financial sector. Ng Keng Hooi, president and CEO of AIA Group, said: \"We are looking forward to the next stage of China's opening-up in the financial sector. As a foreign insurance company, we can bring in new ideas to facilitate the development of the domestic insurance industry.\" On Friday, Bank of Beijing and ING Group, a banking and financial services corporation in the Netherlands, announced that they plan to establish a joint venture bank, becoming the first commercial lender in China controlled by a foreign shareholder. On Jan 28, the PBOC announced that it had approved an application from S&P Global to establish a wholly owned subsidiary in Beijing called S&P Ratings (China). Meanwhile, the National Association of Financial Market Institutional Investors also released a public notice confirming it had approved the registration of S&P Ratings (China) to conduct a bond credit ratings business in the interbank bond market, signaling the entry of the first foreign credit ratings agency into the domestic market.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "London-based violinist Huang Mengla and classical guitarist Yang Xuefei have collaborated on an album to explore the free, emotional and colorful expression of Latin music. In 2012, classical guitarist Yang Xuefei and violinist Huang Mengla did their first collaboration at a concert in the National Center for the Performing Arts in Beijing, paying tribute to Italian composer Niccolo Paganini. The partnership worked out so well that, six years later, Huang decided to approach Yang once more to jointly create an album on Latin music. \"The guitar plays a key role in interpreting Latin music and Yang was the first classical guitarist I could think of then,\" says Huang. In August this year, the duo spent two days in London's Angel Studios recording the album, which comprises pieces that are influenced by Spanish and South American music. On Nov 23, the pair arrived in Shanghai to share their latest work, titled Milonga del Angel, which was released under the Deutsche Grammophon label. \"The violin is usually paired with the piano or an orchestra. It's interesting to combine the violin with classical guitar,\" says Huang, 38, who was enrolled in the Shanghai Conservatory when he was just 8 years old. \"Unlike the traditional repertories I have played before, such as Austrian and German music works, Latin music is free, emotional and colorful. It feels like tasting different food when I'm playing it.\" In 2002, Huang took the top prize at the prestigious Paganini International Violin Competition in Italy, where he also won the Renato De Barbieri Memorial award for the best interpretation of Paganini's caprices, and the Mario Ruminelli Memorial award. Yang chose a mix of original guitar compositions and arrangements, including Spanish composer Manuel de Falla's Danza Espanola No. 1 and Suite populaire espagnole, Argentine composer Astor Piazzolla's Histoire du Tango, Paganini's Sonata Concertata and even some of her own creations. \"The pieces we've recorded for the album display the versatility of both musical instruments and they are beautiful companions to each other,\" says Yang. \"The composers of these pieces are connected musically. For example, the three Spanish-born composers: Isaac Albeniz, Manuel de Falla, and Enrique Granados. Both of Albeniz and Granados were notable influences on the younger Falla. Paganini being from Italy and Piazzolla from Argentina both shared an understanding and love for the Spanish sound.\",She adds that Paganini, a world-renowned virtuoso violinist, was also an accomplished guitarist and composer for the guitar. Both Yang and Huang recall that they had a fun time in the recording studio as the process of recording the new album was relaxed, spontaneous and entertaining, just like the nature of the music in their new album. \"When I recorded my last solo album, Colors of Brazil, there were about three people in the recording room. But this time, we had many people, including our friends and families, which was so much fun. It was an enjoyable experience, and that influenced the music we played,\" Yang says. \"One of my favorite composers is Piazzolla, whose music captures my ears with rich harmony, sensitivity and emotion,\" says Huang. \"During the recording, our feelings were synchronized with the sound of the music.\" Yang adds that she likes collaborating with different artists, like vocalists and musical instrument players. For instance, she has recently been touring Chinese cities, including Shenzhen and Shanghai, with a Spanish dancer. \"The guitar is such an accessible and beautiful instrument. It works well with other musical instruments and art forms,\" she says. \"Through collaborations, the audience will get to know the musical instrument.\" Yang, who was born in Beijing, is the first Chinese to study classical guitar at a Chinese music school - the Central Conservatory of Music in Beijing - and also won a scholarship to the Royal Academy of Music in London. As a soloist, she tours the world and has been living in London for 18 years. Huang also studied at the Royal Academy of Music in London from 2007 to 2010 before he returned to Shanghai to teach at the Shanghai Conservatory of Music. In support of the new album, the two musicians will play in a concert held at the Royal Academy of Music in London in January before they hold more shows in Chinese cities next summer and winter.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Luxury Sanlitun hotel plays it elegant in era of fickle fashion hotels, Li You reports. Fashion is a fickle business with the hottest trends coming and going as quickly as the tide that sweeps in and out at the shore. But when fashion is your business, having a central, enduring and classic philosophy is what separates the leaders from the pretenders. InterContinental Hotels & Resorts, whose flagship Beijing hotel is located in affluent Sanlitun, has been a fashion classic for more than 70 years. Francois Vanvi, the owner representative of InterContinental Beijing Sanlitun, is proud to say he doesn't follow the ebbs and flows of fashion, but instead has a tireless focus on providing \"classic, elegant and comfortable\" products for the hotel's many discerning guests. One of the first signs that this hotel is a leader not a follower is in the sheer size of its guest rooms, starting at an impressively comfortable 45 square meters. All rooms are equipped with cozy furniture to relax upon, spotlessly clean bath tubs, shinning faucets and fresh flowers - as well as captivating views of Beijing's trendy downtown Sanlitun area. Francois says that though the latest technology plays a role in any hotel, it is not the be-all and end-all. While having gentle nods and winks to technology here and there, the rooms at InterContinental Beijing Sanlitun have a \"back to basics\" feel at their heart. \"High-tech is not a fit for everybody,\" Francois says. \"Fashionable and elegant things should make people feel comfortable, relaxed and with amenities friendly to use.\",But focusing on these basics doesn't mean that the hotel is in any way out-of-date in its style. When high-end devices are really needed, the hotel is up their with the innovative best, which can be seen in its separate business area in its rooms that are equipped with a high-quality audio systems, interactive TVs, high-speed Wi-Fi and internet access. Apart from a bed to lay the head, weary travelers can also treat their rumbling stomachs at the hotel's veritable treasure trove of authentic restaurants. Conjuring the gamut of the Orient's finest cuisine, the Ying restaurant serves up a banquet of Chinese classics and traditional flavors from its Michelin menu. A particular specialty of the kitchen is its drunken chicken roll made with Shanghai yellow rice wine. Diners with an appetite for fresh seafood mustn't miss the chilled abalone, jellyfish and asparagus. Other classics on the menu include Sichuan crispy beef, Liuting-style pork trotter and deep fried turnip puff pastries - all cooked in a traditional style that originates from ordinary Chinese kitchens. Guests with a Spanish flair should dine at Top Tapas - a living room-style lounge space with a lively atmosphere. A fabulous selection of hot and cold, savory and sweet plates can be enjoyed. Particular favorite is the seafood paella with prawns, mussels, scallops and chorizo. Char restaurant serves a wide selection of juicy steaks exported from all over the world, such as Blackmore, Jack's Creek and Gape Grim. To keep their original flavor, the steaks are served with a gently sprinkle of sea salt. Another aspect of the hospitality business that never goes out of fashion is service, and InterContinental Beijing Sanlitun has the philosophy of keeping things \"just right\". Hotel staff members greet customers warmly and make them feel at home, but are not so overwhelming as to not leave guests their own space, Francois says. InterContinental Beijing Sanlitun in Chaoyang district only opened in 2016, but has already upheld the esteemed reputation of its brand. The building's design draws inspiration from a hexagonal diamond, shaped by continuous refining of the raw gemstone. The hotel uses the essential element throughout, from the metallic brass grille outside the building and the shape of doorplates to the figured pattern on the menus. Francois says the hotel is also equipped with meeting and conference services, an 800-square-meter ballroom and eight function rooms with a total area of more than 1,500 sq m. Apart for the guest room services, many customers come to the hotel for meetings, conferences, banquets, special events and wedding. \"We are not just an ordinary hotel, from design, uniform, staffing, culture and our values,\" Francois says. \"We believe less is more and authenticity will always be in fashion.\" ", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "The Beijing-Inner Mongolia (Hohhot) High-end Industrial Matchmaking Conference took place in Beijing on Dec 22. The event was attended by representatives from government in Inner Mongolia autonomous region and 104 enterprises in Beijing. Acting Mayor of Hohhot Feng Yuzhen and Vice-Mayor Luo Qing delivered speeches at the conference, recommending the city of Hohhot and the Horinger New Area. In his address, Feng pointed out that great achievements have been made in cooperation between Beijing and Inner Mongolia as well as between Hohhot in areas such as market exploitation, talent training, education, healthcare, technology and culture over the past 40 years. Feng said both Beijing and Hohhot were faced with historical opportunities to deepen cooperation, noting that Beijing has begun to transfer its non-capital functions to other areas. The city of Hohhot has exceptional advantages in undertaking industries transferred from Beijing. Some of the factors include its close proximity to Beijing, advantageous locations, sufficient talents, low cost and preferential policies, as mentioned in Feng\u00a1\u00afs speech. He also expressed his wish that companies from Beijing could have more comprehensive and deeper understanding towards Hohhot through negotiation. On behalf of Hohhot government, Feng vowed to offer a preferential environment for investors in services like education, health care, housing, social security, sports and culture. The Hohhot government signed agreements with China Cyber Security (Beijing) Technology Co, Beijing Lanxum Technology Co and Zhongjian Investment Holding Co at the conference, followed by a road show by some companies.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "After resigning a well-paid job in Beijing, Mei Jing, a graduate of the Architecture School of Tsinghua University, went back to her hometown, Yi county in North China's Hebei province, to open an academy institute. The Tingsong Academy Institute is in Wudaohe village, near the Western Qing Tombs. According to Mei, Tingsong is designed to spread the cultural heritage of her hometown, and connect local residents with the outside world. It was established to be multifunctional and contains a public library and drawing studio, and provides public lectures about traditional culture, rural construction and education issues. It also offers designed cultural products, which are closely related to the Western Qing Tombs, a famous cultural heritage in Mei's hometown. Mei helped her father with restoration work of Western Qing Tombs when she was young. She often goes sketching at the Western Qing Tombs, seeking inspiration for cultural products design work. Although facing challenges like funding issues, a lack of talent in the area and communication failure with neighboring businesses, Mei still insists on pursuing her dream of spreading traditional culture.  ", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "The China Association of Performing Arts Committee has launched a branch that will be dedicated to traditional Chinese opera. About 30 troupes from around the country, including the National Peking Opera Company, the Northern Kunqu Opera Theater and Xi'an Qinqiang Opera Company, recently gathered in Beijing to mark the setting up of the China Association of Performing Arts Committee of Chinese Opera with the aim of reviving public interest in the old art form. According to Zhu Kening, president of the China Association of Performing Arts, the new body will focus on promoting traditional Chinese opera in new ways\u00a3\u00admaking the art form accessible to audiences through the internet, offering such platforms as conferences and forums for the troupes to communicate and providing better theater management. There are about 400 types of traditional Chinese opera. Most of them have been listed as national intangible cultural heritage. \"Despite government efforts, such old art forms can't be popularized unless the opera troupes explore new ways to add a contemporary touch,\" says Zhu. \"Technology,\u00a3\u00adfor example, livestreaming\u00a3\u00adcan help in this regard.\" Before contemporary entertainment like cinema, television and computer games became popular in the country, Chinese audiences went to theaters to watch traditional opera shows. The culture of each region, such as dialect, gave birth to a variety of traditional operas. \"The new committee will bring artists of different Chinese operas together annually to share ideas about getting into the cultural mainstream,\" says Zhu.,One of the new committee's initiators is Lyu Guliang, a media guru who launched his company, We Play (Beijing) Cultural Industry Investment and Management Ltd, two years ago. His company has taken Chinese opera artists to perform abroad. \"Traditional Chinese opera is a vibrant and centuries-old tradition that showcases the essence of Chinese culture. But it is losing in the market because the way entertainment is consumed has changed. We are trying to change that idea,\" says Lyu. Lyu's company has produced promotional videos, starring pop stars and Chinese opera artists. The first video, which went online on Wednesday, features pop icon Lu Han and Peking Opera actress Yuan Huiqin. Lyu says a series of live performances will be held and traditional opera films shown in Beijing throughout next year. \"If you look at the past 10 years in the development of traditional opera troupes, we have experienced a good time,\" says Li Jianshu, director of Yuju Opera Company of Henan province. There are 164 government-supported Yuju Opera troupes and 1,437 private troupes in Henan, he says. About two years ago, Li initiated the idea of gathering those troupes together annually to share new productions and ideas about developing Yuju Opera. He says the internet is the main force for interacting and connecting with audiences. The fourth Yuju Opera Festival, which was held at Henan Poly Art Center in August, attracted more than 500 million viewers online. Promoting Chinese culture and boosting confidence in it were outlined by President Xi Jinping in his report to the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China in October.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Beijing is the most startup friendly city in China, according to latest ranking. The capital city has more companies trading on the country's new over-the-counter market and national platforms for entrepreneurship and innovation than Shanghai, at second spot, and Shenzhen, ranked third, combined. The list released by biaozhun007.com, a business analysis platform, and UrWork, a co-working office space company founded in 2015, is based on big data provided by Tencent Research Institute. According to the study, three factors were used to measure entrepreneurship in each city: the number of enterprises or business projects, business environment, and talent support. Here are the top 10 most startup friendly cities in the country: No 6 Wuhan  ", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "NANJING - China's patents in the artificial intelligence (AI) industry accounted for about 22 percent of the total globally, according to an official with the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology (MIIT). Wang Xinzhe said China had more than 2,000 artificial intelligence companies by the end of 2017. Wang made the comments at the Global AI Products Application EXPO 2018 in Suzhou city, Jiangsu province. About 150 AI companies and institutions from 10 countries and regions participated in the three-day exposition, which kicked off on Thursday, showcasing more than 1,000 AI products. Wang said China's AI companies are mainly located in the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region, the Yangtze River Delta and the Pearl River Delta. Beijing and Shanghai, as well as Guangdong, Jiangsu and Zhejiang provinces have more than 100 AI companies each. By 2020, China's AI industry is expected to reach 150 billion yuan ($23.6 billion), said Wang.", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "Zhang Tianyi decided that he never wanted to see, let alone eat, a bowl of noodles again. And who could have blamed him? In the interests of market research, the law graduate sampled 30 tiny bowls of noodles every single day for three months, at the end of which his tongue was numb and his stomach seemed to be perpetually on fire, he said. Yet, Zhang somehow convinced himself that his future was inextricably intertwined with noodles, a decision based on his discovery of what he said is the ideal noodle recipe. That recipe brought about Funiutang, his branded beef and rice noodles dish, based on the most common street food in his hometown, one he has turned into a multimillion dollar business success in Beijing, and whose fame he hopes will stretch to the four corners of the globe. \"As with McDonald's in the United States, I want the name and image of Funiutang to appear wherever the red flag with five stars is raised,\" Zhang said. Since Zhang and three of his classmates founded Funiutang in 2014, and after several rounds of financing, its value is put at up to 500 million yuan ($78 million.) As the chief executive officer, Zhang, 28, now manages 17 offline restaurants in Beijing with about 400 employees, in a company that reaped about 100 million yuan in revenue last year. Beef and rice noodles, a spicy, salty and oil noodle made from rice, is one of the specialties in Changde, Hunan province, that has a history of 6,500 years and one that Zhang said he and fellow locals eat every day. Indeed homesickness was one of the things that set him on his quest for the perfect dish. Another was the potential he saw in rice-based food products worldwide as the status of China, where much of the world's rice is consumed, continues to rise. \"The world has long been dominated by wheat because it's eaten in Western countries,\" he said. \"It's a pity that rice noodles, despite their long history, don't have a brand.\" He decided to go into the food business three months before he graduated in law from Peking University so that if the venture left him penniless he would still have time to find a job. Much to his surprise, things went well. Now, he said, he has enough patience and confidence that he can envisage it taking him 10 years to build a rice noodle brand that is widely recognized. Specifically, the goal is to open 500 to 1,000 restaurants in cities worldwide in the future, including in the US and Europe. At a Funiutang outlet in Zhongguancun, in the Haidian district of Beijing, all the service and kitchen staff wear black T-shirts inscribed with the word baman, Hunan dialect meaning never give up, dare to say no and be yourself, Zhang said. \"Just as McDonald's represents Americans' culture of fast, clean and efficient service, we want to share the spirit of Chinese young people with our brand - hard-working, positive about life, and who are ambitious enough to pursue their dreams.\" The company pumps that kind of ethos in many of its marketing products, including decorations, short videos and WeChat stories. The distinctive corporate culture plays an important role in brand-building, Zhang said. \"The domestic dining market is undergoing a transformation with the demand of a rising generation of customers who value the culture and spirit embodied in a product, rather than its price and function.\" Zhang said he is fortunate to be living at a time when the country is promoting innovation and entrepreneurship, and was reported to have met Li Keqiang in 2015 when the Chinese Premier visited Zhongguancun Inno Way, a cluster of startups and entrepreneurs. As a master's graduate from Peking University, rated as the country's top tertiary institution, Zhang said some people have taken a bleak view of his career, criticizing him for wasting his education to sell noodles. But Zhang said diligently doing things that some may regard as trivial and unimportant is worthy of respect. He held down about 50 different part-time jobs when he was at college, he said, including legal consulting, selling insurance, working as a receptionist and being assistant to a chief executive. Once he even tried out begging, just to experience life at its nadir, he said. \"Doing many different things gave me the opportunity to see how society really works. The perspective on life that formal education provides is far too limited.\"", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "UBS, the giant Swiss global financial services firm, is honoring its promise to support the annual Beijing Music Festival by sponsoring high-quality performances.  To mark the 20th anniversary of the Beijing Music Festival and 14 years of partnership with the BMF, UBS is sponsoring a special concert featuring world-renowned British vocal ensemble, The King's Singers.  \"We are delighted that The King's Singers have come to the Beijing Music Festival to stage a unique concert of songs by French and Russian composers, as well as American Jazz and Chinese folksongs,\" said Eugene Qian, the chairman of UBS' China strategy board.  \"The BMF is already the most influential art festival in the Asia-Pacific region. It has not only provided quality cultural experiences, but also offered a benchmark for the sector in its professionalism and trend-setting leadership,\" BMF artistic director Yu Long told a news conference.  He added that UBS had always been committed to fostering the development of art, which was highly consistent with the aims of the BMF. UBS, it said, was not only a sponsor but also a leader in supporting the arts and culture.  Before The King's Singers, UBS worked with the BMF, sponsoring concerts performed by world-class pianists Li Yundi and Zhu Xiaomei and the organist, Cameron Carpenter, to name but a few.  The King's Singers bass, Jonathan Howard, said his group was glad to see the BMF working with UBS, a music ambassador and global pioneer. \"For us, The King's Singers also tries to be ambassador for music of all kinds, all over the world,\" he added.  The King's Singers were formed on May 1, 1968, by six recently-graduated choral scholars from King's College, Cambridge.  Their vocal lineup was formed by chance and developed into two countertenors, a tenor, two baritones and a bass, and the group has never wavered from this vocal balance. Two Grammy Awards, an Emmy Award, and a place in Gramophone magazine's inaugural Hall of Fame sit among the numerous accolades bestowed upon the group.  Asked how they work with each other to produce their rich, distinctive sound, Christopher Gobbitas, answers that they draw from their different experiences to create a single product.  Eugene Qian, chairman of UBS' China strategy board, said there were parallels between how his organization in the music festival worked. \"Just as the BMF brings artists from all over the world to create an overall experience, UBS takes people with different talents and specialties from all around the world and brings them together to create a better service,\" he said. Qian added that professionalism and collaboration were crucial for both art and business. \"It is our professionalism and collaboration that has led to great success in China for UBS.\"  This fall, the BMF commemorates an important milestone, its 20th anniversary.  Rather than focus on specific composers such as Wagner, Strauss, or Verdi as in previous festivals, this year's theme is \"BMF at 20.\"  The 22-day festival, lasting from Oct 8 to 29, is consist of 29 events  Established in 1998, the BMF has blazed an extraordinary trail over the past 20 years, during which time classical music in Beijing and its citizens' cultural life have experienced dramatic transformation.  The BMF has always played an important role.  Striving for continual growth and improvement, with strong support and under the leadership of its hosts \u00a8C the Ministry of Culture and the Beijing municipal government \u00a8C the BMF has established itself as a vital cultural spectacle in the capital and as a flagship event in the country's public culture. Qian said that the UBS Group in China grew strongly in the first three quarters of the current year.  \"Especially the wealth management business and investment banking businesses, which China is a key contributor to the global business map,\" Qian added.  Meanwhile, as the first Qualified Domestic Limited Partner (QDLP) to receive a private fund management license in China, UBS was recently authorized to offer private funds, which will also benefit wealth management. The license represents a significant milestone in UBS's progress in China.  UBS says its business in China contributes more and more to the growth of the firm's Asia-Pacific business and even UBS's global business. However, this is only the beginning, according to Qian.  As for further development in China, he had growing confidence for steady and sound expansion in the country.  \"As one of the biggest beneficiaries of the reform and opening-up, UBS knows well about China's economy and society,\" he said.  \"We are convinced that with the beginning of the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China, China will be more prepared to integrate with the global economy, and develop into the most important economy that boosts internationalization and multilateralism,\" Qian added.  With its huge confidence in the Belt and Road Initiative, UBS has already set up its own Belt and Road taskforce. This pays close attention to the business opportunities brought by the initiative and helps domestic enterprises to go global, according to Qian.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "A remote sensing survey has exposed serious ecological challenges in China\u00a1\u00afs two economic hubs \u00a8C the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region in the north and Yangtze River Economic Belt along the great river. Wang Qiao, director of the Ministry of Ecology and Environment's satellite applications center, said the two regions have grown so rapidly they now have huge population densities. They face arduous difficulties in coordinated environmental protection and economic development amid continued intense urbanization. Per capita water resources in the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region is only one-ninth of the national average, said the official. In the region, the water resource development rate has exceeded 100 percent since 2010, far beyond the internationally accepted safety range, except in 2012 when there was abundant water. About 70 percent of rivers in the region experience interruptions, while wetlands such as Baiyangdian and Qilihai have shrunk and long relied on supplied water. The riverside in the middle and lower reaches of the Yangtze River Economic Belt is overdeveloped and faces large ecological risks. According to the survey, the shoreline and beaches along the Yangtze River are only 44.0 percent and 19.4 percent of their natural state respectively. Wharfs occupy 430 kilometers of the riverbank, accounting for 5.4 percent of the total length. Shipyards and ship repair facilities also sprawl across 131 kilometers along the longest river in China. Chemical companies take up another 148 kilometers, posing a risk to the Yangtze River ecological environment.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Self-driving has come under the spotlight in China after several cities have endeavored to promote the development of autonomous vehicles, Chinanews.com reported on Friday. Beijing announced Jan 3 the launch of China's first road section for testing autonomous vehicles. In addition to the testing zone, the city will also upgrade road infrastructure, signs and markings to facilitate and identify self-driving vehicles. The capital city is not the only trailblazer, as Shanghai, Shenzhen and Chongqing have also tested the waters in this respect. Back in June 2016, Shanghai became the first Chinese city to pilot intelligent connections and self-driving, as the enclosed testing area at the China National Intelligent Connected Vehicle (Shanghai) Pilot Zone was inaugurated in the city's Jiading district. Shenzhen Bus Group started to test buses equipped with intelligent driving systems in Dec 2, 2017. Also in December, Chongqing's Economic and Information Technology Commission announced the creation of an all-around intelligent-connected vehicle testing zone in three phases.  However, the question remains whether it is legal to autonomously drive on the road. Self-driving is beyond the scope of the Road Traffic Safety Laws, which stipulate that automobiles must be driven by qualified drivers. Besides that, road facilities, direction and guidance are all needed to safeguard self-driving. Some local governments have issued regulations to tackle the problem. For example, the Beijing Commission of Transport issued a guiding opinion and interim regulations to promote the road testing of autonomous driving vehicles in December. The State Council issued a guideline on developing artificial intelligence in July 2017, articulating the advancement of autonomous vehicles and railroad transportation systems, establishment of indigenous technology systems and assembly capacities for autonomous vehicles, and exploration of the sharing of autonomous vehicles. Moreover, the National Development and Reform Commission, Ministry of Transport, and Ministry of Industry and Information Technology have all drafted or issued plans to accelerate the development of autonomous driving. A national conference on transportation work in December also highlighted autonomous driving, and proposed the building of a digital, intelligence-connected and smart transportation infrastructure.", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "A Beijing kindergarten has agreed to pay an environmental protection association 100,000 yuan ($14,500) to settle a dispute over a running track that contained potentially toxic substances. Beijing High People's Court announced the result on Monday via its official microblog, saying that Liu Shikun Wanxiang Xintian Kindergarten and the China Social Assistance Foundation had come to the agreement following a period of mediation. The money will be used to remove the offending running track and for environmental protection, the court quoted the plaintiff as saying. It was China Biodiversity Conservation and Green Development Foundation that originally filed the case against the kindergarten at the capital's No 4 Intermediate People's Court in June, accusing it of failing to replace its running track despite concerns that it was causing sickness among children. There had been complaints of children suffering nosebleeds, skin reactions and vomiting after using the track, which was renovated in April last year. Similar reports of illnesses related to synthetic running tracks and playgrounds appeared at other schools in Beijing, Shanghai and Hebei province during this period, attracting the attention of the public, education experts, the government, parents and environmental protection institutes.  During the two sessions in March, the Education Ministry said it was working with other government departments to draft new standards for school running tracks. Education Minister Chen Baosheng said a lack of updated standards was to blame for the issues reported last year, with some schools still adhering to criteria that were set two decades ago. \"There are also problems with the bidding process,\" he said, noting that price, rather than quality, was often a deciding factor. Despite Chen's assurances, Ma Yong, who represented the plaintiff in the case, said he still had his concerns.  \"The new standards are a veil. As the weather warms, the problems associated with these running tracks may reappear,\" he was quoted as saying by Caixin.  \"What we wanted to expose with this case was the disordered management in those industries that provide track-building materials, as well as the government's inadequate level of supervision.\"  The case, the first of its kind since the toxic track problem was exposed last year, would not be the last, according to Ma  \"After all, we cannot rely on governmental supervision alone to solve these problems,\" he said.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Fresh US tariffs on imports from China reflect the Trump administration's vested political interests and its indifference to the demands of US farming community, companies and consumers, trade experts and business leaders said on Monday. Their comments came after the US administration of threatened on Monday (local time) to impose a 10 percent tariff on $200 billion of Chinese goods, in retaliation for China's decision to raise tariffs on $50 billion in US goods. Trump said in a statement he had asked the US trade representative to identify the Chinese products to be subject to the new tariffs and he threatened that if China increases tariffs again, the US will meet the action by pursuing additional tariff on another $200 billion of Chinese goods. The US announced to impose 25 percent tariffs on $50 billion worth of imports from China on June 15. Following that announcement, China said it will protect its own interests and levy tariffs on about $50 billion worth of US imports based on the \"equal scale and strength\" principle, mainly targeting soybean, aquatic and automobile products. Li Daokui, an economist at Tsinghua University and former Chinese central bank monetary policy committee member, said: \"US policymakers aren't being responsible toward American people, but appear to be keen on pleasing a few vested interests and voters for short-term gains.\" US economic problems go far beyond its trade deficit. The Trump administration needs to be farsighted and address some of its fundamental issues in the long run. China-US negotiations will be a long and bumpy road as some US politicians appear keen to keep bilateral trade relations friction-ridden, according to Li. \"Trade friction is what many US politicians crave. They are doing so to win more voters. If the Trump administration reach any deal with China, the opposition party would punch holes in any such agreement and blame the incumbent for failing to come up with a better decision and interpret the deal as a compromise with China,\" Li said. Agreed Fu Zhenzhen, an analyst with CnAgri, a Beijing-based agricultural consultancy. \"What the Trump's administration has done appears to be totally driven by political purposes. Because unlike in April, when there was time and space for change, this time the situation is markedly different. \"For, the US farmers have already planted the soybean crop, which includes 30 million metric tons of soybean that are planned to be exported to China. If the US government can't solve the issue by September when the crop would be ready for the harvest, there will be a huge problem for the US soybean industry.\" Fu further said if the US farmers are deprived of access to the Chinese market, they will likely face immense trouble in finding alternative markets for the 30 million tons of soybean at short notice. Brian Kuehl, executive director of Farmers for Free Trade, expressed similar sentiments in a statement on Friday. For American farmers, export woes are not just a possibility but a downright scary prospect, he said. The new US tariffs are no longer a trade negotiation tactic but a heartless tax on the livelihoods of US farmers, Kuehl said. \"Within days, soybean, corn, wheat and other commodity farmers in the US are likely to be hit with retaliatory tariffs of up to 25 percent on exports. It's exports that keep their operations afloat. When they (retaliatory tariffs) hit them, they're not going to remain silent. \"The imposition of these tariffs is not only a blow to our farmers, it's a win for our competitors,\" Kuehl said. \"When American soybean and corn become more expensive, South America wins. When beef becomes more expensive, Australia wins. As this trade war drags on, (US) farmers will rightly question why our competitors are winning while we're losing.\" For American farmers, agricultural exports to China are worth almost $20 billion annually. Soybean exports alone account for about $14 billion, according to the US Department of Agriculture. A set of retaliatory tariffs released by China on Friday includes a plan to tax American lobster exports. If the lobster tax comes to pass, it could potentially hurt one of the biggest markets for the premium seafood. The planned tax could have major ramifications for the US seafood industry and for the economy of the state of Maine, which is home to most of the country's lobster business segment. China's interest in US lobsters has grown exponentially in recent years, and exports to China have become a major focus of the business segment. \"Hopefully, better sense will prevail and we'll find a sensible solution,\" said Matt Jacobson, executive director of the Maine Lobster Marketing Collaborative. \"China is a year-round customer. This (news about planned tariffs) isn't good news at all.\" China imported $837 million of aquatic products from the US in 2017, up 21.28 percent year-on-year, data from the China Society of Fisheries showed. US automakers, for whom China is a key growth market, are also likely to be hit by bruising tariffs. US auto giant Ford Motor Co sold 338,386 vehicles in China in the first five months this year, about one-third the number in the US. It had welcomed a Chinese plan to lower tariffs on auto imports. It had even planned to cut prices of its imported Lincoln brand of vehicles. That may be in jeopardy now as gas-powered and electric vehicles are due to be slapped with a higher border tax. Wei Jianguo, former vice-minister of commerce, said this move, once taking effect, will further push the US automobile manufacturers out of the Chinese market, as vehicles from Germany, Sweden, France and Japan have already taken the majority proportion of the country's medium and high-end vehicle market. Moreover, Wei said higher tariff on US auto products will also leave more space for domestic car makers to upgrade their product lines by setting up joint ventures, facilitating research activities and acquisitions with European or Japanese companies. Earlier this year, China vowed to further open up the auto market by lowering tariffs on high-end automobiles and through expanding market access. But US auto makers may miss the golden chance to expand their footprints in China, if the Trump administration sticks to trade protectionism and keeps destroying free trade, said Wei.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "With the rising number of Chinese students pursuing education abroad, an upcoming television series aims to reflect their struggles in unfamiliar lands. co-penned by veteran writers Gao Xuan and Ren Baoru, fictionalizes a coming-of-age story of several Chinese youngsters who graduate from prestigious Ivy League colleges but see their friendship face serious challenges in society. As early as 2000, the scriptwriter duo toured to the United States to interview a number of Chinese students. Their real-life stories of problems caused by language barriers and cultural clashes have inspired the script. \"We believe the best television sequences are rooted from real-life stories, so we wished to know how the Chinese students study and live in foreign countries,\" Gao said in a recent interview with Chinese reporters. Director Liu Jiang, famous for popular TV dramas like  (2010) and  (2013), revealed the series was shot in the United States, Cambodia and several Chinese cities, such as Tianjin, Beijing and Shijiazhuang in Hebei province. \"The filming in New York and Las Vegas took around two months. It cost a lot but it's worth it. Audiences will see the campuses of some of the world's top colleges in the series,\" he said. But the 49-year-old director says it's more than a production about Chinese students who study abroad. \"We hope to reflect young elites' sense of duty and their values in modern China,\" he said. The 50-episode series is set to air on Beijing Satellite TV and the Shanghai-based Dragon TV, as well as two video streaming sites Youku and iQiyi in May, but the premiere date has yet to be decided. Led by Tang Yan and Luo Jin, two A-list television stars, the cast also includes veterans Wang Zhiwen and Zhang Kaili.", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "The country's top environmental watchdog will dispatch about 18,000 law enforcement officers to conduct air pollution control inspections in three key areas starting on Monday. Last year, the Ministry of Environmental Protection\u00a3\u00adwhich has since been incorporated into the Ministry of Ecology and Environment\u00a3\u00adsent 5,600 law enforcement officers to 28 major cities in the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region to inspect air pollution control work. This year, the inspection, dubbed \"Blue Sky Protection Campaign\", will be extended to the Yangtze River Delta and the Fenhe and Weihe plains in Shanxi and Shaanxi provinces, respectively. The campaign is scheduled to last until the end of April 2019. It was launched based on the fact that some areas are still troubled by heavy pollution, despite continued improvement in air quality in key regions, according to the ministry's environmental supervision and inspection bureau. \"Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region is still the area with the worst air quality in the country,\" the bureau said in a statement. \"Hebei, Shanxi, Henan and Shandong provinces and Tianjin saw no more than 60 percent of days last year with fairly good air quality. And the situation in the Fenhe and Weihe river valleys is deteriorating, not improving.\" The bureau said the campaign will have 12 areas of focus, including poorly managed\u00a3\u00adand polluting\u00a3\u00adsmall enterprises, industrial boilers, surface mines and transportation reform. While inspection teams will be dispatched to 28 designated cities in the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region and 11 cities in the Fenhe and Weihe river valleys regularly, inspections in the Yangtze River Delta area will be irregular, the bureau said. It said all the inspectors in the campaign are from local environmental departments or ones affiliated with the ministry. The large-scale inspection by a body of the central government will help train law enforcement officers and offer them opportunities to communicate with each other to improve their capabilities. \"The Blue Sky Protection Campaign is the most important priority in pollution control work,\" said Li Ganjie, minister of ecology and environment, in a video conference held on Friday to launch the inspection. He also vowed to make four \"obvious\" achievements: to further decrease the concentration of PM2.5 (tiny particles measuring 2.5 microns in diameter or less), to decrease the number of days with heavy air pollution, to improve the air environment and to make the public happier with more blue skies. In addition to the air pollution control campaign, the ministry will launch at least six more central environmental inspections that will cover black, foul-smelling bodies of water in urban areas; the protection of water sources; and Yangtze River protection and restoration. \"The central inspections, which target key regions, fields and problems, represent a new long-term mechanism rather than a short-term action,\" said Li, adding that the purpose of the inspections is to help local governments identify environmental problems and solve them. He also asked inspectors to strictly observe the law. The ministry has publicized email and mailing addresses to accept reports from the general public about violations of law and discipline.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "BEIJING - Beijing's bus operator plans to introduce autonomous driving systems to its vehicles in 2022, as the capital city strives to make the public transportation smarter. According to a joint press event Wednesday by Beijing Public Transport Corporation (BPTC) and Intel-owned Mobileye, the two companies have partnered to bring safety warning systems and autonomous driving technologies to its public transport services. In as early as 2022, BPTC plans to test run the first self-driving vehicles in high-tech industrial parks and on sightseeing routes, according to Beijing Youth Daily. \"Fixed routes, stops and specially designated lanes make buses a suitable candidate for applying autonomous driving technologies,\" said Xu Zhengxiang, head of the strategic development department of BPTC. \"We are also exploring the possibility of setting up an R&D center with Mobileye for autonomous driving in China,\" he said. BPTC is one of the world's largest urban public transportation corporations, operating 26,363 buses on more 1,221 routes as of the end of 2017. Mobileye is an Israel-based tech company focused on developing vision-based system to improve on-road safety. It is also working with China's search giant Baidu on its autonomous driving project \"Apollo.\" In an effort to reduce pollution, Beijing also plans to put 10,000 electric buses on the road by 2020, accounting for 60 percent of the total public transport vehicles.", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "Ninety-six million domestic visits were made by travelers during the Dragon Boat Festival holiday, up 7.7 percent compared to last year, according to the Ministry of Culture and Tourism. Revenue generated increased by 8.6 percent, reaching over 39 billion yuan ($5.6 billion) over the weekend. Destinations with cooler weather and attractions with water-related entertainment were the hottest choices by travelers to avoid sunstroke during the holiday. According to the ministry, about 37 percent of travelers chose destinations with cooler weather to beat the heat. These included some coastal areas and mountainous areas. Also, 15 events in celebration of Cultural and Natural Heritages Day, which fell on Saturday, were held in cities like Beijing, Tianjin and Guangzhou in South China's Guangdong province, to present a variety of activities for the holiday. For example, free admission to Beijing's Summer Palace was offered to travelers. Traditional activities, such as dragon boat racing and eating  pyramidal-shaped holiday treats made of glutinous rice and other ingredients, are popular among travelers during the three-day break.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "With venues taking shape and event planning in progress, Beijing has stepped up preparations for the 2022 Winter Olympics. At the same time, advisers are calling on the organizers to pay great attention to the Games' legacy to ensure the event has a lasting impact. The National Stadium, aka the Bird's Nest, in the north of Beijing's downtown, remembered by many as the main venue for the 2008 Summer Olympics, now offers a host of winter sports attractions. On March 1, the stadium hosted a cross-country skiing race that saw competitors traversing artificial snow as they circled the giant structure, thrilling onlookers with a Nordic flavor never seen before in the Chinese capital. The race, organized by the International Ski Federation as part of its shorter-distance, urbanized cross-country sprint series, was a hot topic among the sports panel of the 13th National Committee of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference as the top political advisory body met in Beijing. The public interest generated by the race served as a testament to the growing appreciation of winter sports in China in the buildup to the 2022 Olympics, according to Li Yingchuan, a CPPCC National Committee member and a vice-minister of the General Administration of Sport of China. \"It proved a success in drawing attention to winter events in urban areas,\" Li told China Daily after a panel discussion on Monday. \"As demonstrated by this race, we could turn potentially hundreds of millions of people into new winter sports fans when we host the 2022 Games, which would not only be a legacy for us, but for the entire global winter sports community.\" The country's commitment to hosting excellent Olympic and Paralympic Winter Games in 2022 and using the showcase events to encourage mass participation in winter sports and promote the industry's growth was highlighted in the annual Government Work Report, which was delivered by Premier Li Keqiang at the second session of the 13th National People's Congress on Tuesday. During his presentation, Premier Li outlined the tasks for the country's sports sector this year, urging organizers \"to make thorough preparations for the Beijing Winter Olympics and Paralympics and to extensively promote mass sports participation.\",The 2022 Winter Games will be held at 26 competition and noncompetition venues in three zones: downtown Beijing; Yanqing, a district in the city's northwestern suburbs; and co-host Zhangjiakou in Hebei province. The clusters will be connected by a new high-speed railway, which is due to be completed by the end of the year. At the core of Beijing's venue readiness is the use of existing facilities, which is intended to cut spending while diversifying the venues' operations. For the 13 venues required for competition and non-competition functions in the downtown, where the ice sports events will be held, Beijing will repurpose 11 existing venues and other projects left over from the 2008 Games. For example, the National Aquatics Center\u00a3\u00adaka \"the Water Cube\", which hosted the swimming events in 2008\u00a3\u00adwill be transformed into an \"Ice Cube\" for the curling competition by filling the pool with retractable structures and covering them with sheets of ice. Work is already underway. Being able to shift between swimming and curling will diversify the venue's business operations, revenue stream and public services, said Yang Qiyong, general manager of the facility. To the north of the Cube, the National Indoor Stadium\u00a3\u00adbuilt to host gymnastics in 2008\u00a3\u00adis upgrading its temperature-control system and lighting facilities as it is remodeled to hold ice hockey events in 2022. The transformation of both venues is expected to be finished by the end of the year, while the remodeling of all existing facilities, including the Bird's Nest and the National Convention Center, for ceremonies and media operations will be completed in 2021, according to the Beijing Major Projects Construction Headquarters Office, the regulatory body for construction. \"As a key milestone leading up to 2022, venue readiness will take a major step forward in 2019, with construction and renovation going on across all fronts. We are well ahead of schedule to be ready for a series of test events starting in early 2020,\" said Wang Gang, director of the office. According to the official legacy plan released by Beijing 2022 last month, some new, permanent venues, such as the National Speed Skating Oval in the downtown and the National Alpine Ski Center in Yanqing, have developed post-Games business models, not just for sports but also tourism and exhibitions. \"Here, you have the venues from 2008 that are going to be used in 2022 for a complete set of winter sports. This is a wonderful legacy story,\" said Juan Antonio Samaranch, vice-president of the International Olympic Committee, during a visit to Beijing in January. According to construction regulators in Beijing and Hebei, all of the venues for 2022 will be ready by June next year. They include eight in Zhangjiakou, which will be used for six snow sports: snowboarding; freestyle skiing; cross-country skiing; ski jumping; Nordic combined; and biathlon.,China was a late starter in the development of winter sports. That means a lack of expertise in competition organization, event management and technical support in almost two-thirds of Olympic winter sports, especially those on snow, has been a pressing issue. In response, the organizing committee for 2022 has pulled out all the stops to train staff members, while recruiting, and learning from, international experts. According to Wang Yanxia, a CPPCC National Committee member and a deputy director of the Sports Department of the Beijing 2022 Organizing Committee, 3,000 technical officials for ice sports alone were trained last year. However, that may not be enough. \"It's highly technical and demanding for Games' staff members in certain areas such as alpine medical support, snow making and course grooming,\" she said. \"We have to train our own people to levels of Olympic proficiency so they can be real assets for us and keep winter sports thriving after the Games.\" Assembled by the 2022 organizing committee, a volunteer skiing team, selected from a pool of more than 3,000 medium-level skiers, has undertaken regular training programs at ski resorts in Zhangjiakou. The Genting Resort Secret Garden in Zhangjiakou's Chongli district, where the freestyle skiing and snowboarding events will be held, has hired renowned course shaper Alli Zehetner to lead a Chinese crew that has built and maintains the Olympic half-pipe course at the resort, thus allowing the Austrian's experience and know-how to be absorbed and shared. According to the Sports Department of Beijing 2022, event managers have been appointed for all 15 sports disciplines at the 2022 Games. They are being trained by employees of a number of sports federations, and their skills will be tested at upcoming World Cup series events. \"All the facilities and personnel for the 2022 Winter Olympics will be 80 percent ready by the end of 2019,\" said Tong Lixin, the department's director.,Another major task this year will see the Beijing 2022 organizing committee working with local partners, the IOC and respective winter sports federations to refine plans for transportation, catering and accommodations for athletes. The goal is to offer the athletes an unforgettable experience in 2022 to honor the promise Beijing made in the candidature phase to host an athlete-centered Olympics, according to Yang Yang, a CPPCC National Committee member and two-time Olympic champion in short-track speedskating. \"Meeting the demands of participating athletes plays a big part in the success of hosting the Olympics,\" said Yang, who chairs the athletes' commission for Beijing 2022. \"We hope to turn every athlete into our promoter in 2022 by providing them with the best services possible.\" Those services include providing the athletes with clean, gluten-free food to Olympic standards with Chinese characteristics, designing special bullet train cars to facilitate easy transportation of skis and snowboards, and guaranteeing enough tickets for every athlete's family members. Reflecting on her experience a year ago, when she returned to Salt Lake City in Utah, where she won China's first two Winter Olympics gold medals (500 meters and 1,000 meters) at the 2002 Games, Yang suggested that each competition venue for 2022 should leave a space where the names of every participating athlete and the medalists' handprints could be displayed. \"I felt so sad returning to the former ice sports center in Salt Lake City (now the home arena of the NBA team Utah Jazz) and finding there was nothing there about my performances in 2002,\" she said. \"I don't want to see the athletes in 2022 experience the same disappointment I felt last year. In addition to providing them with best possible conditions for their competitions, I'd like to see more athletes' stories respected and told here in Beijing.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "A genome study of more than 140,000 Chinese has found a gene locus associated with twin pregnancy, Beijing News reported. The largest of its kind for the Chinese population to date, the study was conducted by Shenzhen-based Beijing Genomics Institute and published in the international academic journal Cell on Oct 4. The team analyzed two traits - maternal age and twin pregnancy, and found a mutation locus on gene NRG1 that is significantly related with twin pregnancy, meaning a woman has more probability to conceive twins if she carries a mutation on gene NRG1. Everyone has gene NRG1, but some people have mutation on a specific location on this gene, said Liu Siyang, the first author of the article published on Cell. Beijing Genomics Institute said it would invest more on the study and expand the samples to one million from the current 140,000, contributing to birth defects prevention and control, tumor study, and medicine research and development in China.", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "Discover the best things to do in Beijing with our weekly roundup of art and exhibitions, music, performances and trending activities around town. To recommend an upcoming event or activity, please contact The first Yugong Yishan music festival is ready to rock music lovers in Beijing from April 21 to 22, featuring both world-class musicians and emerging stars. The festival will open with post-rock musician Tortoise from Chicago, followed by Mouse on the Keys, who will bring their jazz-infused post-rock from Japan, legendary German punk rock band Die Toten Hosen (The Dead Trousers), China's post-punk powerhouse Re-TROS, among many others. It will be Die Toten Hosen's debut show in China in their 36-year musical career.,During his brief stay in Paris for a solo exhibition in 2016, Shanghai painter Yang Yulong created dozens of watercolor works capturing the city's day-to-day beauty that entices international visitors like Yang. He is now showing a selection of these paintings, along with other oil works, at a one-man show at the Ici Labas gallery inside Beijing's 798 art district. The exhibition runs through April 20. Get a sneak peek  .,Widely known for her songs   and Paris-based singer Keren Ann will perform live April 19 in Beijing at Beijing Theater. The appearance is part of her 2018 China Tour to cities including Beijing, Shanghai and Hangzhou. A singer, composer and producer, Ann is a coffeehouse favorite thanks to her clean voice. Born in Israel, the artist moved to Paris at 11 and rose to fame there.,A founding member of the chart-topping contemporary jazz group Fourplay, Nathan East is an American jazz, rhythm and blues, and rock bass player and vocalist. He's played bass on an array of Grammy Award-winning and million-selling records.,A picture exhibition of Russian bell towers is underway at the Ancient Bell Museum of the Great Bell Temple in Beijing. A total of 39 images, together with short videos, are presented in the exhibition, showing typical Russian bell towers of different regions and eras, reflecting the historical development of ancient bell culture in Russia, something deeply embedded in the lives of Russians.,Oil painter Xie Nanxing's solo show at Beijing's Ullens Center for Contemporary Art is, in his words, a kind of \"personal travel diary\" of visits to art museums in Europe. The exhibition consists of a new cycle of seven major oil paintings through which the Chongqing-born artist explores his own relationship to European art history and iconography.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "As the presenter and script consultant of the documentary series   international version, America's Bill Einreinhofer, a three-time Emmy Award-winning producer, director and writer, has returned to Beijing on Sept 3 to film the second season. a documentary series honoring China's cultural figures of the 20th century, has received wide attention from the Chinese audience since its first release in 2016. The international version is aimed at the overseas audience. Five top Chinese artists from the 20th century such as Li Kuchan, Wu Guanzhong, Huang Zhou, and Shang Xiaoyun will be introduced in the new season through in-depth storytelling, sleek production, and will be broadcast in eight languages, including English, Spanish, Arabic, Russian and French. Li Kuchan was a Chinese painter known for combining Western techniques with traditional Chinese styles. Wu Guanzhong is considered to be one of the greatest contemporary Chinese painters, and Shang Xiaoyun one of the four great twentieth century opera performers.,Einreinhofer, who has travelled all over the country in the past 25 years, wishes to show his viewers that the \"Chinese people are just like us.\" \"I want them to know that it is these people who changed the Chinese culture, and in their own ways revolutionized the society. I also want people to know that they were people like us; they all got up in the morning to go to work. If their children were sick, it was going to be a tough day. I want the China story to be out there, to be understood and appreciated by the society, the people and the culture. But I also want them to sense the universality of these stories, that in fact, I could go anywhere in the world in any language to tell these stories. They are going to want to know about these stories and these people,  Einreinhofer told China Daily website on Sept 7 while he was filming at Prince Gong's Mansion in Beijing.,\"If you have compelling characters, if you have empathetic characters, if you can tell a story, you can draw people in. Once you've drawn them in, you can start to learn the fine part of the story. From one person, you start to learn China from different aspects of history, of culture and the society. That I think it's a lot less scary, lot less confusing than 5,000 years of history.\" Apart from filming inside the studio, the program is also shot in the artists' former residences, art galleries, Beijing Opera theater and museums to present the audience with immersive traditional Chinese culture and art experiences. With close cooperation and attachment to the Chinese culture, Einreinhofer's most recent project is a one-hour Public TV documentary  released in 2018. He was also series producer of  a four-part documentary series tied to the 2008 Beijing Olympics, which was seen in 43 countries.,The program is from the Recording China Project program sponsored by the Publicity Department of the CPC Central Committee and the State Council Information Office of China, and co-produced by art institutions and television stations such as Chinese National Academy of Arts, CCTV, China Central Newsreel and Documentary Group. Famous Chinese director Zhang Yimou is the chief director for the international promotional film while Mo Yan, Nobel prize laureate is the second season's script writer. The second season of the   international version will be broadcast in 2019. Einreinhofer has developed and produced programs for PBS, CBS, ABC, Discovery and HBO. He is also chair of broadcast journalism department at the New York Film Academy (NYFA).", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "The average monthly salary of food couriers in China last year was 7,750 yuan ($1,141), even higher than some white-collar jobs, according to a report from the country's leading life services platform, 58.com. The report released on Monday shows that food couriers in Hangzhou city of East China's Zhejiang province lead the way with a monthly salary of 9,121 yuan, followed by Beijing, Nanjing and Shanghai with 9,072 yuan, 8,728 yuan and 8,481 yuan, respectively. Currently, the demand for food delivery workers exceeds the supply, and enterprises are eager to hire more. Food couriers are actually paid more than they expect, mainly because their overall income is higher than that of other occupations, such as administrative and clerical positions, the report said. The report also shows that China's first-tier cities and new first-tier cities had the most demand for and supply of professional talents. The top 10 cities with the highest demand for delivery drivers are Beijing, Shanghai, Shenzhen, Guangzhou, Chengdu, Chongqing, Nanjing, Wuhan, Hangzhou and Xi 'an.,The main reason is that people in these cities are busier and have a better sense of time, so they tend to choose convenient take-out food instead of cooking or eating out. The number of delivery drivers is quite large in first - and second-tier cities, and has a trend of gradually covering third - and fourth-tier cities. Also, the food is delivered to more places, from residences and office buildings to hotels and hospitals. A user on microblog Sina Weibo said, \" How I envy them! I want to quit my job and be a food delivery worker\", but some held a different view, that the delivery couriers work so hard to deliver packages every day.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "  The exhibition \"Shakespeare to Sherlock: Treasures of the British Library\" opened to the public in Beijing on April 21. The exhibition featured nine manuscripts and two early editions from 10 iconic British writers. Chinese translations and adaptations of classic British literature and related books were also showcased at the event. Luo Shugang, minister of the Ministry of Culture, Xie Jinying, director-general of the Bureau for External Cultural Relations of the Ministry of Culture, Han Yongjin, director of the National Library of China, and officials from the British Library and the British Embassy in China attended the opening ceremony. Luo said the Chinese and British libraries' cooperation boosts cultural exchanges and communications between the two nations, which should continue to deepen relations. Organized by the National Library of China and the British Library, a series of lectures and talks will go along with the exhibition until June 21.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "BEIJING -- Beijing has issued a guideline for restaurant toilets, to improve sanitary conditions of the city's 5,000 restaurants this year, Beijing Youth Daily reported Friday. Released by the municipal food and drug administration Thursday, the guideline has more than 40 regulations on the environment, facilities, cleaning and disinfection. Restaurant staff must check sanitary conditions every hour, and every 15 minutes at meal time. All toilets should be disinfected at least once a day, and other facilities such as faucets, sinks, handrails, hand dryers and air vents should be disinfected at least four times a day. The guideline prohibits restaurants to use personalized toilet signs that are difficult to identify. Restaurant toilets should also have partitions, mirrors and disposable toilet seat covers. \"The guideline marks the beginning of a 'toilet revolution' in Beijing restaurants,\" said Duan Zhiyong, an official with the administration. In 2015, China launched a toilet revolution nationwide to make public toilets cleaner and more regulated. Chinese leaders called for continued efforts to upgrade the country's toilets. According to Duan, the guideline will be promoted in Beijing's public food service sector, with 5,000 restaurants expected to improve their toilet environment and services by the end of the year.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Nationals from 53 countries and regions became eligible for 144-hour visa-free entry in Beijing, Tianjin and Hebei province starting Thursday in a move linked to the Belt and Road Initiative and the integrated growth strategy of Beijing, Tianjin and Hebei. Nationals from 53 countries with eligible travel identification and reserved tickets with a fixed date to a third country or region within 144 hours are eligible for the new visa-free entry period. They include the United States, Australia and the Republic of Korea. \"The new policy extends the visa-free stay for travelers who want to visit the three regions, allowing foreigners sufficient time for a short visit for travel, business meetings or visiting friends and family. It will boost the tourism industry,\" said Zhu Lei, deputy head of Beijing's port of entry office. Beijing and Tianjin previously allowed a 72-hour visa-free stay. The 72-hour stay has been allowed by Beijing since 2013. \"The number of foreigners eligible for the free-visa policy has increased gradually,\" Zhu said. \"The policy has been praised by international travelers. But based on a survey, about 40 percent of international travelers said 72 hours is insufficient for them to enjoy the city of Beijing, and they wished to extend their stay,\" Zhu said. In 2016, the 72-hour stay in Beijing was used on 26,323 passenger trips, an increase of 32 percent from 2015. Ports of entry are also extended to designated international railway ports, seaports and airports, said Ji Lixia, deputy general head of the Beijing General Station of Exit and Entry Frontier Inspection. Travelers can arrive using six entry points, two in each jurisdiction: Beijing Capital International Airport and Beijing West Railway Station in the capital, Tianjin Binhai International Airport and Tianjin International Cruise Home Port in Tianjin, and Shijiazhuang Zhengding International Airport and Qinhuangdao seaport in Hebei province. Previously, the policy applied only at airports. \"The diversification of ports for entry is convenient for international travelers to choose suitable transportation based on their travel plans,\" Ji said. The Beijing airport has started a new policy to help travelers. \"The airport can keep luggage for those travelers for 144 hours for free,\" said Meng Xianwei, general manager of the aviation business department of the airport. In 2016, Shanghai and Jiangsu and Zhejiang provinces took the lead in permitting 144-hour visa-free entry for visitors from 51 countries and regions. Contact the writers at luowangshu@chinadaily.com.cn", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Children's books were a highlight at Beijing International Book Fair, which concluded Sunday. This year, an exhibition of children's books covering around 20,000 square meters was held for the first time as part of the fair, China's key international book fair and copyright trading platform. Firms and publishers from countries including China, Japan, the Republic of Korea and France displayed different kinds of books, such as picture books, pop-up books, audio-books, comics and graphic novels, at the exhibition. As Chinese parents attach more importance to the reading and education of their children, and the country has ended its decades-long one-child policy, the children's book market in China has great potential with growing demand. According to an industry report, China's retail book market size surpassed 80 billion yuan (about $11.6 billion ) in 2017, up 14.55 percent year on year. Children's books were the main driver of market growth, with the children's sector accounting for over one-third of the overall growth in the Chinese market. \"There are more books available for children on the market. We're happy to see that children not only love reading but also start writing and creating illustrations,\" said Liu Dan, director with Beijing United Tianchang Culture Communication Co., Ltd. More than 2,500 exhibitors from 93 countries and regions took part in the Beijing International Book Fair which opened on Aug 22, displaying 300,000 books.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "About 1,000 Chinese are about to start a three-month road trip to Russia, the China National Tourism Administration said on Tuesday. The event will begin in Hunan and Shaanxi provinces on June 28, with people from the two areas driving to Beijing for an opening ceremony on July 1. Participants will then drive to Manzhouli, a city in the Inner Mongolia autonomous region that borders Russia. They will enter Russia on July 5 and attend a launch ceremony in Moscow. After the ceremony, participants will be divided into three groups and take road trips along three different routes: Moscow to Ulyanovsk, a city about 900 kilometers east of the capital; Moscow to Kazan, capital of the Republic of Tatarstan, Russia; and Moscow to St. Petersburg. During their trips, participants will visit a series of red tourism destinations, including the former residence and the tomb of Vladimir Lenin, a Russian communist revolutionary and politician, and a building near suburban Moscow where the sixth National Congress of the Communist Party of China was held in 1928, which is now a museum. Xue Yaping, a senior official with the administration, said the event has been organized to boost exchanges and cooperation between China and Russia on red tourism, while deepening ties between people in the two countries. Tourism authorities and associations in Beijing, Inner Mongolia, Hunan and Shaanxi, as well as travel agencies and car rental companies in Beijing, are supporting the event, Xue said.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Pursuing high-quality consumption has become a trend and consumers of all age groups prefer high-quality restaurants of more influential brands, as a result of consumption upgrading in the food service industry, a report said. Members of the post-1970 and post-1980 generations prefer local cuisine and dinners with a higher unit price, while milk tea and drinks are favorites of the post-1990 generation, according to the 2019 Beijing Food and Beverage Consumption Trend Report as reported by the Beijing News. The report is based on a sample study of food and beverage consumption in five business areas in Beijing - Wangfujing, Guomao, Zhongguancun, Shangdi and Wangjing - between 2018 and April 2019. Chinese fast-food outlets are the most in number among the five areas, accounting for 11.92 percent of all food and beverage outlets, but Western fast-food outlets are the most active ones due to high digitalization and being easier for takeout, the report said. The study also found out that many businesses focused on local specialty snacks are transforming to fast-food businesses to adapt to people's fast living pace. Male consumers contributed to 52.9 percent of takeout orders in Beijing, compared with female consumers, who placed 47.1 percent. About 96.6 percent of takeout orders were made for one person, which sends an important signal to food and beverage enterprises. Many companies adjusted corporate strategy by promoting \"small portion\" takeout products as one of the measures to improve efficiency in takeout food operations. The food and beverage revenue in Beijing saw a 7.3 percent year-on-year increase to 110.18 billion yuan ($15.96 billion) in 2018 and it reached 37.33 billion yuan, up 6.8 percent year-on-year, in the first four months of this year.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "The administrative committee of Zhongguancun science park - known as Beijing's Silicon Valley - will provide money and floor space for companies to operate 10 platforms designed to commercialize scientific research findings as part of an effort to make the capital a center of innovation. The committee and the Chinese Academy of Sciences have published a series of measures to attract and guide specialized talent to help add technology to products. This year, Zhongguancun plans to build 10 commercialization platforms by offering subsidies for talent, hardware facilities and workspace, said Zhao Huijun, deputy director of the committee, on Thursday. \"We will help with innovative management, operations and the service model for platforms,\" she said. \"The platforms will hire professionals to assess the scientific findings, apply for patents and conduct market research.\" To attract talent, the platforms will provide competitive pay, the authority said, and will offer bonuses based on the commercialization of those platforms. Yin Hejun, vice-mayor of Beijing, said the city needs to maintain a high-end economic structure to realize innovative development, as innovation requires the city to make better use of existing scientific research institutions and accelerate the commercialization and industrialization of the findings. \"The capital has been closely cooperating with the CAS, which has built a great foundation for future development,\" he said. Zhang Xingsheng, deputy head of western Beijing's Mentougou district, said the district will provide up to 5 million yuan ($750,000) in startup funds for high-tech companies. Zhongguancun, together with the Beijing government, has been helping startup companies and high-tech research groups through preferential policies. Chen Tianshi from the CAS Institute of Computing Technology - and who is also CEO of Cambricon Technologies Corp, a startup specializing in artificial intelligence and AI chips - said it is only through help from the CAS and Zhongguancun that technology can be transferred into real products. \"I feel very grateful to everyone involved. Thanks to their help, our technology and findings didn't stay on paper but were put into products,\" he said. \"Two years ago, we started research and development on AI chips that are now inserted into millions of mobile phones. I'm glad we used the technology to serve the public.\" Zhongguancun will also provide funding for some ongoing projects and further open up resources, including R&D centers and labs for sharing. By the end of this year, the CAS and Zhongguancun will establish a database for scientific research results, which will be used for further selection and commercialization.", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "BEIJING -- To celebrate the Spring Festival, the National Center for the Performing Arts in Beijing will show performances of four classic Peking operas from Saturday to Tuesday. There are hundreds of local forms of Chinese opera, of which Peking Opera is the most popular. Peking Opera is listed by the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) as intangible cultural heritage. Over the four-day period, four operas -- \"The Pearl Shirt,\" \"Guangtai Village,\" \"The Unicorn Purse\" and \"The Rouge Pleat\" -- will be performed by Beijing's Jingju Theater Company. They depict historical events or stories with the themes of love, friendship, loyalty, and changes in fortune. Established in 1979, Jingju Theater Company is a professional Peking Opera performing arts ensemble that has performed in more than 50 countries and regions. The Spring Festival, or Lunar New Year, is regarded as the most important traditional festival for those of Chinese origin, characterized by family gatherings, feasts and performances. It falls on Feb 16 this year.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Cutting-edge technologies grabbed the spotlight at the 22nd China International Software Expo, which ends on July 2, in Beijing. Themed as \"New Era, New Concept, New Software\", this year's expo attracted representatives from over 10 embassies in China, around 20 government officials, nearly 400 enterprises and journalists from over 100 media organizations. The expo consists of seven exhibition areas, five summit forums, an industrial internet security elite invitational tournament, 21 parallel forums and a \"Software Night\" event. Jointly hosted by the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of China and the Municipal People's Government of Beijing, the event exhibited the development of China's software industry from scratch and the achievements in the past 40 years. Topics such as blockchain, cloud services, open source software, the Belt and Road Initiative and intellectual property protection are presented at the expo. Meanwhile, a list of top 100 companies with comprehensive competitiveness in China's software and information technology service sector, will be published along with the Industrial and Information Blue Book (2017-2018) and other research results. Statistics show the business revenue of China's software industry reached 5.5 trillion yuan ($828 billion) in 2017, 2.2 times of the number in 2012 and the total profit of this industry last year was 702 billion yuan.", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "The launch ceremony of the Asian Financial Cooperation Association will be held in Beijing on July 24, the Foreign Ministry said on Thursday, eying its positive role in maintaining regional and global financial stability. Ministry spokesperson Lu Kang released the information at a daily news briefing and congratulated the association on the scheduled ceremony. Lu said China has been long committed to pushing forward communication and cooperation among regional financial institutions. President Xi Jinping discussed establishing a platform to facilitate communication and cooperation among Asian financial institutions at the Boao Forum for Asia in March 2015. On a number of occasions since then, Premier Li Keqiang proposed setting up the Asian Financial Cooperation Association. \"We are pleased to see that the proposals made by Chinese leaders won active responses and strong support from financial institutions in Asia and other regions,\" Lu said. The association, based in Beijing, was officially set up on May 11. A total of 107 institutions from five continents are founding members. China expects the association to play an active role in \"maintaining the stability of regional, and even global financial markets and promoting common development and prosperity in the region\", Lu said.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "WASHINGTON - The White House on Saturday announced the members of a US delegation that will participate in trade talks with China this weekend. The US delegation is led by Secretary of Commerce Wilbur Ross, accompanied by US Ambassador to China Terry Branstad, Under Secretary of Treasury for International Affairs David Malpass, Under Secretary of Agriculture for Trade and Foreign Agricultural Affairs Ted McKinney, and United States Trade Representative (USTR) Chief Agricultural Negotiator Gregg Doud, the White House said a statement. The upcoming talks are a continuation of the talks held in Beijing one month ago and in Washington two weeks ago. The two sides issued a joint statement in Washington last month, vowing to strengthen economic and trade cooperation between the two countries. China urged the US side to keep its promise on bilateral trade issues, and act in accordance with the spirit of the joint statement, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson Hua Chunying said Wednesday. China has consistently advocated handling and settling economic and trade differences in a constructive manner through talks, which is in the fundamental long-term interests of the two countries and the two peoples, and the common aspiration of the international community, she said.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "The world's oldest classical music label will mark its 120th anniversary this year with a series of high-profile events, Chen Nan reports. Deutsche Grammophon, the world's oldest and one of the most renowned classical music labels, will celebrate its 120th anniversary this year. Among the international programs to mark the special year, the Shanghai Symphony Orchestra will perform a concert at the site of Beijing's historical Imperial Ancestral Temple, which stands just outside the Forbidden City, on Oct 10. Under the baton of maestro Yu Long, SSO will open the concert with a special arrangement of Chinese composer Liu Tianhua's work, Enchanted Night. Then the orchestra will perform German composer Carl Orff's Carmina Burana with Russian soprano Aida Garifullina, British tenor Toby Spence and French baritone Ludovic Tezier, before being joined by French pianist Helene Grimaud for Ravel's Piano Concerto in G major. Norwegian violinist Mari Samuelsen will then take the solo lead in November from neo-classical composer Max Richter's Memoryhouse, a seminal work of contemporary neoclassical composition in 2002. It will be the first classical music event to be held at the site since 1998, when it held a performance of Turandot, conducted by Zubin Mehta. \"I am thrilled that DG will start its anniversary year with a genuinely historic event in Beijing. It is sure to inspire millions of young people in China and give momentum to the rise of a vast audience here and across the world,\" says Clemens Trautmann, the president of DG, in Shanghai, adding that millions will be able to watch the concert on TV and digital media online. Speaking about the repertoire for the concert, Trautmann says the program brings together a wide range of music from different eras and from composers in different countries. He says the lyrics of Carmina Burana are from a 13th-century manuscript discovered in a Bavarian monastery and are thus from an era when the Forbidden City was built. Yu, China's well-known conductor on the international scene, and SSO have signed a contract with DG in Berlin, where it is headquartered, to become the first Chinese conductor and orchestra to join the label. Their first DG recording will be released in 2019 to mark the 140th anniversary of SSO, the oldest symphony orchestra in China. Speaking about the deal, Yu says: \"Even as we are announcing the news of the upcoming Beijing concert, the orchestra is working hard on recording its debut DG album.\" One of the pieces in the recording will be Chinese composer Chen Qigang's La Joie de la souffrance for Violin and Orchestra, featuring Grammy-winning Russian violinist Maxim Vengerov.,The piece was commissioned for the Beijing Music Festival and premiered at last year's closing concert of the event. Another piece that will feature in the album is Rachmaninov's Symphonic Dance. Speaking about the project, Yu says: \"The album will establish a dialogue between Chinese and European orchestral music.\" The idea of collaborating with Yu and SSO took shape when Trautmann met Yu at the Lucerne Festival in Switzerland last summer. Trautmann says: \"I believe that it is one of the most advanced and internationalized orchestras in China,\" adding that DG has been part of China's music scene for over 100 years, and that Shanghai was one of the first Chinese cities that opened up to the Western world. The history of the SSO dates back to 1879 when it was known as the Shanghai Public Band. In 1922, it was renamed the Shanghai Municipal Orchestra. And it was under Italian conductor Mario Paci that the orchestra promoted Western music and trained young Chinese musicians. Yu, 54, who was born into a musically-inclined family in Shanghai, studied at the Shanghai Conservatory followed by Berlin's Hochschule de Kunste. In early 1990s, Yu returned home and founded the Beijing Music Festival in 1998 followed by the China Philharmonic Orchestra in 2000. And he has been the artistic director of SSO since 2009. As for DG, its story goes back to the birth of recording. In June 1898, the company was founded in Hanover along with the first record and gramophone manufacturing works. And its director was Emile Berliner, the Hanover-born American inventor of both the disc and the player. Now, DG is a part of the Universal Music Group, the world's largest record company. As for the other events marking the anniversary, Garand Wu, the managing director of Universal Music China, says that besides the concert there will be three performances at Beijing's National Centre for the Performing Arts over Nov 18-20 by the Berlin Staatskapelle and the Israeli-Argentinian maestro Daniel Barenboim. DG will also introduce its project, Yellow Lounge, to the country with a performance at Beijing's Mao Livehouse featuring British-Irish classical violinist Daniel Hope, Chinese clarinetist Wang Tao and the Zurich Chamber Orchestra. DG's Yellow Lounge project, which aims to introduce clubbers to live classical music, was born in 2001 in Berlin's techno clubs. And since then, Yellow Lounge has organized over 130 club nights, each attracting up to 1,000 guests and a massive traditional and social media following. \"Yellow Lounge takes classical music to the younger generation. After Beijing we will take it to other Chinese cities,\" says Wu. Speaking about DG's future, Trautmann says it will keep alive the tradition of the label, especially when it comes to building long-term relationships with musicians worldwide and attracting younger audiences. \"The inventor of the gramophone and the founder of the world's oldest record label, Emil Berliner, brought music into everyday life. And we still use the latest technology to bring music to people.\" Contact the writer at chennan@chinadaily.com.cn", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Beijing will establish an institution this year to oversee after-school centers, the capital's Education Commission announced. It will be the first such institution in China. A special law enforcement team will be set up in every district of the capital to better supervise the centers and strengthen inspections, the commission said. The names of institutions that do not pass inspections will be made public, according to the commission. Xiong Bingqi, deputy director of the 21st Century Education Research Institute in Beijing, said the move will improve education. \"Many requirements stipulated by the Compulsory Education Law are ignored by local education institutions and it's hard to track their responsibilities,\" he said. \"The establishment of certain law enforcement departments will solve those problems.\" Chen Baosheng, minister of education, said on Tuesday that 401,000 institutions nationwide had been assessed during a national campaign targeting unlicensed operators and extracurricular programs that put students under too much pressure, and more than 273,000 were found to have problems. He added that around 98.9 percent of the problematic institutions had been rectified. Some after-school institutions have moved their classes online to avoid government inspection, Chen added. Ni Minjing, deputy director of the Shanghai Education Commission, said that one of the major obstacles to rectifying the problems with after-school training institutions is that there are no special law enforcement teams and a lack of law enforcement rights. In 2016, the Ministry of Education encouraged municipal and county education departments to improve accountability. \"However, a lack of legislation impeded the performance,\" Xiong said. He also said that public involvement is necessary in conducting inspections to encourage parents to actively participate in finding solutions. A local regulation regarding administrative enforcement will be submitted to the capital's top legislature later this year, according to the capital's Education Commission. The commencement date for the capital's law enforcement teams has not been settled.", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "Spring has come. The 700 metric tons of sturgeon farmed in East China's Qiandaohu Lake by Kaluga Queen are expected to spawn and produce one of the world's most expensive gourmet delicacies - caviar. Weighing 10 to 12 percent of a fully mature sturgeon, which is usually 7 to 15 years old depending on the species, these unfertilized roe are to be retailed at a maximum of 180 yuan ($28.6) per gram, more than half of the price of gold. Kaluga Queen is the world's largest caviar producer, breeding sturgeon in the 573-square-kilometer lake in Zhejiang province. Though most of its caviar products are for export, the company is trying to whet the appetite of 1.4 billion Chinese for the \"food of the czars\" in the coming years. Founded in 2003 by several former aquaculture researchers from Beijing, Kaluga Queen, named after the sturgeon species dwelling in Northeast China's Heilongjiang province, surpassed Italy's Agroittica Lombarda SpA as the world's biggest producer of caviar in 2015 with its production reaching 45 tons. Over the years, its caviar has found its way into the first-class cabins of Lufthansa and 22 of the 28 Michelin three-star restaurants in France. In 2016, it was served at the banquet for world leaders at the G20 Summit in Hangzhou, capital of Zhejiang province. In 2017, the Quzhou-based company's output reached 70 tons, representing around one-third of the global total and consolidated sales of 207 million yuan. Almost 90 percent of its output is exported to Europe, the Middle East and the United States. But the company hopes that over the next five years, the situation will reverse, with Chinese citizens consuming up to 90 percent of the total, said Xia Yongtao, deputy general manager of Kaluga Queen, who admitted it might be \"an unreachable dream\". If the \"dream\" is realized, however, the company's revenue and profit will surge, as selling domestically means cutting out middlemen and benefiting directly from consumers. \"Unlike wine or other industries that are seeing stagnant if not negative growth in Western markets today, the supply of caviar is largely outnumbered by demand globally. But we still believe the mine of the black gold lies in China,\" said Xia, who has been with the company since its founding.,Xia and Wang Bing, founder of the company, were part of a research team funded by the Chinese Academy of Fishery Sciences that helped make sturgeon farming possible in the late 1990s. Li Jun, director of the China Sturgeon Association, gave a more modest prediction. He estimates that by 2020, China will consume 100 tons of caviar every year, accounting for one-third of the world's total. Caviar will be an accessible treat for not only the wealthy, but also the middle-income group, he added. The association is formed by dozens of companies involved in the business, including sturgeon farming, processing and feed manufacturing. Li noted that there are no more than five companies in China capable of managing a complete supply chain of caviar, which starts from sturgeon breeding and concludes with the final packaging of the delicate roe. The consumption of caviar began to pick up in China around 2012, but the bud was nipped the next year due to the anti-graft campaign introduced by the central authorities, which prohibits luxury dining and gift giving with public money. In 2016, as the fine dining scene gradually revived and Michelin launched its first restaurant review on the Chinese mainland, piquing keen interest in restaurants at an average cost of 300 yuan and above, caviar consumption started to gain momentum and soared at a growth rate of 50 percent annually, according to the association. Traditionally, caviar production depends mostly on wild fishing by countries surrounding the Caspian Sea, primarily Iran and Russia. According to a report by the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations, the worldwide catch of sturgeon reached its peak in 1977 at 32,078 tons, which translated into 2,000 tons of caviar.,Since the dissolution of the Soviet Union in 1991, however, global caviar supply has undergone a drastic decline. The long-established sturgeon and caviar management system gradually weakened, resulting in rampant illegal fishing and habitat degradation. Today, global caviar production remains steady at around 200 tons a year and largely comes from artificial breeding, as several sturgeon species have been classified as endangered since 2000. The classification resulted in a ban on wild fishing and at the same time triggered commercial breeding to boom. \"It's a lucrative business, but also one that poor people cannot afford to start and rich people disdain to join, considering the investment time required for the fish's maturity and egg production,\" Xia said. With an initial investment of around 6 million yuan, mainly from several founding partners, Kaluga Queen harvested its first batch of caviar in 2006 and started to widely market it the following year, when China's food-safety problem was at its peak. \"At first, we were treated with such bias that once they heard it's 'Made-in-China', people would turn us down immediately without opening the can and having a taste,\" Xia recalled. After attaining several top winner titles at caviar blind tasting events and exhibitions with its high quality, Kaluga Queen had its first breakthrough, becoming the supplier of Lufthansa's first-class cabins in 2011. Today, the company is expected to keep a double-digit growth rate, with production reaching 100 tons in 2019. While the growth is seen evenly in both retail and partnership with fine dining restaurants and luxury hotels, Xia thinks there will be growing potential in retail as more Chinese consumers get their first bite of the roe. \"Our strategy is to work with as many restaurants as possible in China, turning them into our tasting rooms to deliver our roes as extensively as possible. Once the foundation is built, we will reduce the retail price, say by 5 percent, to get millions of consumers hooked,\" he said. Kaluga Queen is now the exclusive supplier of caviar for around 500 restaurants and hotels in China, but most of them are Western-style restaurants. \"The way and amount of caviar being used in Chinese cuisines currently only represent a tip of the iceberg,\" said Xia, whose team is now working closely with Chinese fine dining restaurants including Da Dong, the roast duck chain, and Xin Rong Ji, the seafood chain, to develop new dishes using caviar. Meanwhile, the company's research and development team is also working to use other parts of the fish, including sturgeon fillets, marrows and skin for leather products, though caviar will remain the chief money-spinner for the company, Xia added.,Just one decade ago, Chinese consumers were stocking imported food and formula milk powders amid the country's incessant food-safety issues. However, the past decade has also witnessed a growing number of premium Western food producers from both China and abroad locating their manufacturing bases in the country, and labeling their pricey products \"Made in China\", in an attempt to feed the increasing appetite for a taste of luxury. French group Euralis, which produces nearly a quarter of the foie gras consumed in France, first entered the Chinese mainland in 2007, setting up a farm in Beijing. Late in 2012, the farm was destroyed in a snowstorm. In 2014, the company announced a new plan to rebuild a rearing farm together with a processing plant and commercial structure in Lianyungang, Jiangsu province, at a cost of 15 million euros ($18.4 million). The facility is expected to raise one million geese by 2020, and supply mainly to luxury hotels and restaurants in Shanghai and Beijing. \"This is a market that is experiencing strong growth. In China, foie gras is cropping up more and more in the fine-dining industry and we firmly believe that it will become an ingredient in Chinese cuisine,\" said Guy de Saint Laurent, director of Rougi\u00a8\u00a6 China, Euralis' subsidiary. Southwest China's Yunnan province is known as the home to more than 250 types of mushrooms. Black truffle is one of the most expensive varieties that is sold for 130 yuan ($20.7) to 1,300 yuan per kilogram. Production is estimated at around 200 metric tons every year, with the majority being exported overseas. A highly fragmented industry supported mainly by individual farmers and wholesalers, the black truffles harvested in Yunnan are generally considered to be of lower quality than their peers from P\u00a8\u00a6rigord\u00a3\u00adthe finest in France\u00a3\u00admainly because they are usually picked hastily before they are fully matured. But their much lower price, often just a fraction of the European varieties, has led to them being used more practically and widely by chefs and cooks. Liu Yang, 44, is known as Mr Cheese among expats and gourmands in Beijing. Having studied international trade in France for a couple of years, the former information technology engineer started his own cheese factory in Beijing in 2009, as he had a personal penchant for the dairy product and found a wide supply-demand gap in the local market. Branded as Le Fromager de Pekin, his business today provides a variety of 20 or so cheeses. The skills and equipment to make cheese are imported from France, but Liu uses locally produced milk for his cheese, which has found its way into the fridges at the French embassy in the capital.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "BEIJING -- Beijing has cleared the mud in a suburban river that cuts through the park that will host the international horticultural exhibition in 2019, the municipal government said Tuesday. The project, which started in June, has excavated 631,100 cubic meters of mud from a 12-km section of the Guihe River in Yanqing district in northern Beijing. The mud-clearing is part of ongoing efforts to improve the river's ecology. The government plans to grow reeds and lotuses in the river and build a wooden walkway for tourists in 2018. Beijing was awarded the host role by the Paris-headquartered Bureau International des Expositions (BIE) for the 2019 Horticultural Expo with the theme \"Live Green, Live Better.\" Nearly 70 countries and international organizations worldwide have been confirmed to participate, the organizing committee said last month.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Diverse displays to promote plant varieties, cultures, geography and latest products The Beijing International Horticultural Exhibition, which is scheduled to open in the city's Yan-qing district on April 29, is expected to showcase the diverse gardening cultures from China and around the world, organizers said. With the theme of \"live green, live better\", the expo organizers and architects expressed their beliefs in a green lifestyle through the design of the gardens and pavilions, according to officials. Covering 503 hectares, 41 outdoor exhibition parks have been built by more than 80 countries and international organizations. They are comprised of 34 independent exhibition parks and seven jointly-built exhibition parks. The China Pavilion, which covers 15,000 square meters, is a landmark at the expo. With its design inspired from the traditional jade ornament ruyi, the pavilion will feature a display of age-old Chinese culture. It aims to appeal to visitors with the charms of Chinese horticulture and the achievements made by the nation's provinces and by research institutions in the industry. During the exhibition, visitors will be able to chew over the traditional Chinese norms including \"the harmony between human and nature\" through the well-presented horticultural work carried out by Chinese craftsmen. They will also get to learn about the ecosystem comprising water, forests, fields, lakes and grass via digital images. Visitors can admire miniature Chinese landscapes in the form of exquisite flower-embossing and flower-arranging. Apart from the general exhibitions at the China Pavilion, 31 provinces from across the Chinese mainland, as well as China's Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan, will showcase their horticulture in individual outdoor parks. The Beijing exhibition park will highlight courtyard culture to illustrate traditional Beijing family homes. The example of a typical traditional Beijing residence will enable visitors to get a brief glance at \"big Beijing\" from a \"small courtyard\". The arrangement demonstrates the goal of building Beijing into a world-class livable city and adhering to the people-oriented development plan. The Yunnan Garden will replicate the rivers and mountains in the province to showcase the ethnic diversity, biodiversity and achievements in preserving the local ecosystem. For Zhejiang province, its garden design revolves around the theme of integrating nature with horticulture. The park displays varieties of plants, new technologies and products emerging in the local horticultural industry. Guangdong province will make an effort to present the essence of a Lingnan water town, arranging the traditional corridors, bridges and foyers designed in a harmonious pattern based on the shape of a river flow. Besides the domestic exhibitions, the Plant Pavilion, one of the major stands at the expo, will house thousands of plant species. It will include more than 100 rare species and showcase beautiful plants from across the globe. In the German park, a wall of moss will act as a natural air purifier and will represent a practical demonstration of an indoor garden. The Russian park will exhibit more than 90 kinds of plants, including blackcurrant, wild rose and sea-buckthorn. In another exhibition hall, a house built with bamboo and rattan is expected to be popular with visitors. Chen Zhou, vice-president of the China Council for the Promotion of International Trade, said the expo will be an event featuring \"multiple large-scale activities and a flair for innovation\". Chen is also on the organizing committee of the expo. The 162-day event has an unprecedented scale and number of exhibitors compared to previous sessions. It has been confirmed that it will be attended by more than 110 countries and international organizations, Chen said.,Organizers of the Beijing International Horticultural Exhibition, to be held from April 29 to Oct 7 in Beijing, suggested four routes for visitors at the 30-day countdown ceremony. The routes, connecting hundreds of pavilions and collections of plants inside a more than 500-hectare site, aim to provide a visual feast for visitors, according to the tourist service bureau of the event. The four routes are named \"Journey of Discovery\", \"Garden of Family Love and Love of Gardening\", \"Fresh Horticultural Tour\" and \"Brief Riding Tour\". On the \"Journey of Discovery\", visitors can spend a whole day exploring various types of plants, admiring pastoral scenery and experiencing the majesty of nature. The \"Garden of Family Love and Love of Gardening\" route is designed for families. Families can enjoy the cultures of different countries and experience the history of Chinese civilization. This route helps children to appreciate unique horticultural achievements and the charm of plants from all over the world. The \"Fresh Horticultural Tour\" is targeted at young people. Walking along the trails, they can enjoy the world's horticultural landscape and stop by any herbs, fruits or vegetables they are interested in, savoring the time and tide of Chinese culture. The \"Brief Riding Tour\" is a half-day tour. Visitors ride on electric vehicles shuttling between various scenic sites. They will be able to see a huge collection of plants, flowers and the eye-catching pavilions fast and easily.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Beijing is building a new online platform to provide innovative tax services, a move to further ease tax compliance burdens, said local officials Tuesday. The platform would cover \"all procedures related to tax payment\" by setting up channels such as a website, mobile apps and WeChat account, said Zheng Huaiyuan, deputy director-general with the Beijing municipal office of the State Administration of Taxation. Integrated with cloud computing, big data and advanced internet technologies, the platform aims to smooth the way that the tax administration communicates with taxpayers and promote the efficiency of tax services, Zheng said. The SAT has been increasing efforts to achieve its goal of building a modern tax administration system. It has reduced the time spent paying taxes by 20 percent from 259 hours in 2015 to 207 hours in 2016; that is also a reduction of 75 percent since 2004, according to a report jointly issued by the World Bank Group and PwC, the brand name for PricewaterhouseCoopers. The Beijing tax administration made contributions to this progress, said Ning Bodong, director of the tax services division. Since 2015, the Beijing office has been working hard to enable taxpayers to file and pay taxes online. To date, nearly 90 percent of the basic daily work is accessible online. Taxpayers' average waiting times decreased by over 40 percent, Ning said.", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "BEIJING - Bigyan Neupane is busy completing experiments and working on his thesis so that he can graduate this summer. The Nepalese international student is currently studying for a PhD at Northwest Institute of Eco-Environment and Resources under the Chinese Academy of Sciences. Thanks to a scholarship from the University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Neupane has been able to focus on his research and studies in China without financial worries. Neupane is part of a growing trend. In recent years, more students from the Belt and Road (B&R) countries are coming to China to undertake higher education. According to a report published by the Center for China and Globalization (CCG), a major Chinese think tank, China had about 443,000 foreign students in 2016, and 207,746 of them were from the B&R countries. Of the top 15 source countries, 10 were along the B&R routes, said the CCG report. Back in 2004, China had only 24,896 foreign students from the B&R countries. The changes were made possible by China's increasing efforts to strengthen ties with the B&R countries, especially in the field of education. China has set up a series of scholarship programs for international students to study at its universities. The Chinese Government Scholarships program, run by the China Scholarship Council, covers a total of 289 universities. Since it's launch, more than 60 percent of applicants have come from the B&R countries. In 2016, the Beijing municipal government set up a scholarship program for international students from the B&R countries to study in the city. A total of 298 students were offered scholarships by 23 Beijing-based universities that year. Provincial-level regions such as Gansu, Hubei and Chongqing are also setting up similar programs. In July 2016, the Ministry of Education issued a set of guidelines to promote education cooperation with the B&R countries. The aim, according to the ministry statement, was to \"promote people-to-people connectivity, cultivate talent for the Belt and Road Initiative, and to achieve shared development.\" The guideline also called on local governments and social organizations to step up efforts. \"Many students from my country have come to China to study in recent years,\" said Egidio da Costa from East Timor. Da Costa completed his bachelor's degree at the Beijing University of Chemical Technology (BUCT) in 2015. He went on to study for a master's degree at Beijing-based University of International Business and Economics. After graduation, da Costa went back to work in East Timor, but his bond with China has continued. He regularly shares news about China and Chinese songs on social network platforms. His WeChat ID is still his Chinese name followed by his student number from BUCT. In November 2017, da Costa returned to Beijing to attend the First Silk Road NGO Cooperation Network Forum, an event aimed at enhancing exchanges and cooperation among people of the Silk Road countries and facilitating people-to-people connectivity. In March 2017, the State Administration of Foreign Expert Affairs, together with three Chinese ministries, issued a circular on establishing a nationwide system to grant easier approval for foreigners to work in China. \"The policy is a good news for international students studying in China,\" said Neupane. \"I'm looking forward to working here.\" As for da Costa, he is planning to return to China to study for a PhD next year. He said he wants to study business and then teach at his university after graduating. \"China is my second home. I'm eager to return,\" he said.", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "BEIJING - Beijing's cultural and creative industries continued to grow steadily with total revenue hitting 1.36 trillion yuan ($215 billion) in the first 11 months of 2017, a local official said Thursday. The figure indicated an annual growth of 9.4 percent, said Zhao Lei, Party chief of the State-owned Cultural Assets Supervision and Administration of Beijing municipal government. Beijing planned to build 30 cultural and creative industries parks since 2016. By 2017, the capital city has completed construction of 21 cultural parks covering 400,000 square meters, by transforming old factories and wholesale markets. Of the country's 58 listed cultural and creative firms, Beijing has 21, with a total market value of more than 300 billion yuan. Beijing will set up special funds to aid the development of the cultural and creative industries, according to Zhao.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "The central government and local authorities will accelerate planning for the Xiongan New Area, the country's top economic planner said on Tuesday. In addition, those governments will provide policy and financial support for key projects and budgeting, said He Lifeng, minister of the National Development and Reform Commission. A master blueprint of the new area, overall and detailed blueprints of the initial area and a plan on ecological conservation of the Baiyangdian region, are among the first plans to be mapped out, He told Xinhua News Agency. The commission will guide the Hebei provincial government and authorities as they draft these plans to ensure they meet the high standards of quality needed for the project, He said. \"Apart from having world-class urban planning, the architecture in the new area will also showcase Chinese cultural characteristics,\" He said. \"We'll also give support to major transportation, ecology, water conservation, energy and public service projects in the new area,\" he said. The central leadership announced on Saturday a historic decision to establish the Xiongan New Area in Hebei province as part of measures to advance the coordinated development of the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region. The new area, similar to the Shenzhen Special Economic Zone and the Shanghai Pudong New Area, is of national significance and \"crucial for the millennium to come\", according to an official circular. The area includes Xiongxian, Rongcheng and Anxin counties and their surrounding areas. It will eventually expand from the initial 100 to 2,000 square kilometers. He said the site of the new area was carefully chosen, See New area, \"based on practicality, and after rounds of comparison and rigorous research by experts\". The new zone has convenient transportation options; Beijing, Tianjin and Shijiazhuang are all within a half-hour's commute, He said. The zone is ecologically healthy and has a relatively strong environmental capacity as it is home to Baiyangdian Lake, northern China's largest freshwater lake. The relatively less-developed economy in the region also offers developers plenty of room, He said. He said the new zone will also take over many of Beijing's noncapital functions, thus becoming the other wing that complements Beijing's Tongzhou district, which has been designated as a subcenter of Beijing municipality. Beijing's population has reached more than 21 million, creating urban problems such as traffic congestion and overburdened public resources. The root of these issues lies in the capital taking on too many noncapital functions, He said. A development plan for Beijing has made clear it will be the center of politics, culture, international exchange, technology and innovation the core functions of the capital. He said another major task of the Xiongan area is to promote Hebei's economic and social development and help develop the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region into a world-class metropolitan area. The new area, along with Zhangjiakou\u00a3\u00adwhere the 2022 Winter Olympics will be held\u00a3\u00adwill become two driving forces for Hebei's development, He said. People's Daily, the official newspaper of the Communist Party of China, said in an opinion piece posted on its WeChat social media account that the intention in building the new area is not to relocate the capital or to build another capital subcenter. \"It's to accommodate urban functions distributed from Beijing ... including administrative and public agencies, company headquarters, financial institutions, colleges and scientific research centers that are not related to the core function of the capital,\" it said. Xu Kuangdi, head of the expert advisory committee on the collaborative development of Beijing, Tianjin and Hebei, suggested that the construction of Xiongan New Area should focus on technological and innovative industries, and the region should attract high-end innovative talent and resources. Supporting policies have to adapt to local conditions, he said.      ", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "      Shanghai is the most favorite Chinese city for international talents, followed by Beijing, South China's Guangdong Province and East China's Jiangsu Province, according to a report on regional international talent competitiveness released on Monday. A comprehensive evaluation system was used to value a region's competitiveness of international talents in six dimensions \u00a8C scale and structure of international talents, as well as innovation, policy, development and living environments. The report was conducted and released by the Center for China and Globalization (CCG) and the Southwestern University of Finance and Economics' Institute of Development Studies. \"With rapid economic globalization, China has become international talents' new choice for long-term development and relocation and regional competition for international talents has begun,\" Wang Huiyao, president of CCG, said. Shanghai beat other cities and scored 65.17 out of 100, or 3.91 out of 6 in global talent competitiveness index, due to the openness of the city, work environment, job opportunities and preferential policies, according to the report.  Beijing, with 3.67 out of 6 in global talent competitiveness index, ranked second in the report, and gathers most of international students due to prestigious universities, such as Tsinghua University and Peking University, available. Although East China's coastal province Jiangsu ranks the fourth, it is home to many foreign companies due to the preferential policies to attract elite-level international talents. Southwest China's Sichuan province, with 1.92 out of 6 in global talent competitiveness index, ranked 10th on the list; however, it was the top among regions in middle and western China, according to the report.  The international talents policy index is an important indicator for a region's competitiveness for international talents, and the policy incentives provide international talents in eastern coastal cities are more favorable than middle and western regions, according to the report. For instance, a medical park in Taizhou city gives each PhD holder an additional subsidy of 20,000 yuan ($3,070) and 150,000 yuan to buy a house, Global Times reported citing Jiangsu's official newspaper, Xinhua Daily. The Shanghai government began a pilot program in 2015 which also allows foreign students with a master's degree from Shanghai universities to start a business after graduating, the Xinhua News Agency reported.  Regional innovative development has been a main trend for international competitiveness, and the increase of regional competiveness can bring new opportunities for a country in global development competition, according to Wang Huiyao, president of the CCG.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Italian designer Alessio Caggiano, attracted by China's entrepreneurial climate, brought his family to Taiyuan, capital of North China's Shanxi province, in 2014 and launched his fashion business in the city. In his store, the handmade, gemstone- and crystal-adorned sandals catch one's eyes with their traditional Italian Amalfi Coast style. Based on the materials and customization processes, the price starts at 5,000 yuan, making the sandals entry-level luxuries. Caggiano, whose Chinese name is An Leihua, lives a comfortable life with his family in Taiyuan. \"There were opportunities for us to move to other metropolises, such as Beijing, Shanghai and Guangzhou, but we chose to stay here because we already regard ourselves as 'Taiyuan people',\" he said.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "\"When we were asked what special education was in our first class at a normal university, 40 of us gave more than 20 answers\", said Zhao Changhong, now a teacher at a special school in Beijing's Xicheng district. Zhao, 44, had no idea what kind of students she would face when she was allocated to the special education class of a normal university in Beijing's Fengtai district in 1991. \"Careers like teacher, doctor and accountant were steady for graduates in our generation,\" she said. \"That was my only concern for choosing a major.\" However, the first internship in their freshman year doused the enthusiasm of Zhao and her classmates. As they arrived at a newly built special education school in Beijing, the future teachers, full of enthusiasm, were greeted by a hail of small pebbles dropped by a group of mentally disabled teenagers. \"Later that day, we fell silent in our dormitory; some even missed dinner,\" Zhao said, recalling her frustration at the first sight of her special students. That early, unpleasant experience left Zhao reluctant to meet students ahead of her second internship, in her sophomore year, but her attitude changed the moment she saw an ardent student clumsily helping a teacher lift chairs during a class she was observing. She was touched by the role of special education and discovered a sense of mission to make a difference for mentally disabled children. As a result, she was one of approximately 30 classmates who opted to become special education teachers after graduation in 1994. According to a report released by the Ministry of Education in 2015, there were 48,125 special education teachers in China by the end of 2014, making the teacher-student ratio in special education 1: 3.86, compared with 1: 4.19 five years earlier. Zhao has now taught in special schools for 24 years, encountering a number of impressive students, as well as parents, along the way. Parents have complicated feelings for their mentally disabled children, Zhao said. They hide their anxiety elsewhere, but, lacking another channel to vent negative emotions, reveal their inner feelings to teachers, or question them. Zhao said she regarded parents' encouragement of teachers as more valuable than affirmation from schools, and it was a child's progress that would dispel parental doubts. \"I will never forget what a mother said to me, 'Having you in my son's life is the best fortune for him',\" Zhao said, choking back tears. As society has gradually become more understanding about children with mental disabilities, communication with parents has become easier. Support from governments and social groups has also increased, with the Ministry of Education report saying total funding for special schools hit 9.59 billion yuan ($1.38 billion) in 2014. In special investment programs in 2008 and 2012, the central government poured a total of 10.2 billion yuan into building and renovating 1,182 special education schools, 62 higher vocational colleges for the disabled and normal universities for special education, along with improving infrastructure and purchasing rehabilitation equipment for special education. By the end of 2014, there were 2,000 special schools in the compulsory education system. The report said there were about 395,000 students studying at special schools in 2014. Special curricula and textbooks have also been set for mentally disabled students, even though they are not universally applicable. \"As we cannot find two leaves exactly the same in the world, the situation of each student with autism varies,\" Zhao said. \"More than 20 types of methods have been summarized to educate mentally impaired students, but we still need to learn from practice when it comes to autistic children.\"", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "The temple fair is the most distinctive folk activity during Spring Festival in Beijing. Most temple fairs offer cultural performances, traditional arts and crafts, games and local snacks. Chinese can recall childhood memories and see vanishing handicrafts at the temple fair, while for foreigners, a temple fair will be the best chance to experience authentic folk culture and enjoy the unique craftsmanship of folk artisans. This year, a variety of temple fairs will be staged in Beijing during the upcoming Chinese New Year, and we have selected some to guide you through the festival.,Date: 8:30-17:00, Feb 16-20 Location: Ditan Park, Andingmenwai Avenue, Dongcheng district Admission: 10 yuan The temple fair at Ditan (Temple of Earth) Park will include reenactments of the traditional Qing Dynasty (1644-1911) ceremony to worship the God of Earth, a folk flower fair, singing and dancing performances, Tianjin folk art and Hebei acrobatics, as well as picture exhibitions and folk-custom experience activities. Intangible cultural heritage items and flavored snacks from around the country also will be showcased during the temple fair, such as the Beijing clay rabbit, Shaanxi shadow puppet, Tianjin fried dough twist and Shandong pancake.,Date: 8:30-17:00, Feb 16-20 Location: Longtan Park, 8 Longtanhu Road, Dongcheng district Admission: 10 yuan The Longtan Temple Fair made a breakthrough in terms of its ice and snow landscape and winter sports, and has forged a 30,000-square meter ice and snow theme park. Visitors can experience riding an ice bicycle and other activities. Traditional folk art showcase also can be seen during the fair.,Date: Feb 16-21 Location: Badachu Park, 3 Badachu Road, Shijingshan district Admission: 10 yuan An old Beijing performing art form,  which has hundreds of years of history and is used by traders to sell their goods, will be heard at this temple fair. A 10-meter-long scroll created by folk artists, calligraphers and painters, and themed on New Year blessings will be displayed during the fair. Local Beijing snacks, such as   (flash-poached tripe), and   (fried sweet snack) can be tasted during the fair.,Date: 8:30-17:00, Feb 16-20 Location: Daguanyuan Park, 12 Nancaiyuan Street, Xicheng district Admission: 40 yuan The park will continue its exclusive showing of the opera,  this year, which was adapted from a chapter in the classic novel,  . This year, the play will be innovative, as the performer playing Grandmother Jia in the drama will play another role and showcase her Peking Opera skills, and the performer playing Grandma Liu will perform a clapper talk. The performance will be staged twice a day, starting at 9:30 am and 1 pm.,Date: Feb 16-21 Location: Hongluo Temple, 2 Hongluodong Road, Huairou district Admission: 54 yuan The 24th Hongluo Temple Fair this year will combine folk culture, festival tradition, temple culture, leisure, regimen and tourism together, allowing visitors to experience the   (good fortune) culture. People can pray in the temple, view the newly-made 500 palace lanterns designed by the scenic spot staff, watch an acrobatic performance by a Cangzhou Acrobatic Troupe and participate in the lantern riddle guessing, as well as enjoy the scenery of the pinewood and plum blossoms in the temple.,Date: 9:00-18:00, Feb 16-22 Location: Shijingshan Amusement Park, 25 Shijingshan Road, Shijingshan district Admission: 10 yuan The foreign-style temple fair will have a showcase of food from around the world, covering British-style chicken cutlets, Mexican tortilla chips, American hotdogs, New Zealand cheese bread and Swedish meatballs among others. This year, troupes from Argentina and Russia are invited to perform exotic dances at the temple fair. Float parades featuring different themes will be staged.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "China has received information that US Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin is considering a trip to Beijing to hold talks on the ongoing trade dispute, the Ministry of Commerce said in a brief statement on Sunday. The statement quoted a ministry spokesperson saying China welcomes this development. Experts said that although the move may seem positive, China must prepare for countermeasures if both sides fail to reach consensus because policies made by the Trump administration lack consistency. Mnuchin said at a news conference at the International Monetary Fund and World Bank spring meetings in Washington on Saturday that he wanted to meet with his Chinese counterparts to try to resolve the trade differences, and said he may travel to China. As the midterm congressional elections approach in the United States, the Trump administration needs something eye-catching to regain support before the vote and to please giant companies like Boeing and General Motors and agricultural concerns like the American Soybean Association, said Tu Xinquan, director of the China Institute for WTO Studies at the University of International Business and Economics in Beijing. Under such circumstances, Tu said, Mnuchin\u00a1\u00afs possible visit to Beijing can be seen as a gesture, whether successful or not, the Trump administration has to take action to prevent rising prices of consumer goods and revenue losses by a large number of US companies dependent on trade with China. \u00a1\u00b0Soon after Trump announced the latest tariff proposal, many US officials and economists mentioned the possibility of negotiations. They were trying to pacify the markets and prevent US stock prices from falling further,\u00a1\u00b1 said Mei Xinyu, a senior research fellow of the Commerce Ministry\u00a1\u00afs Chinese Academy of International Trade and Economic Cooperation. Mei said China can conduct negotiations with the US under World Trade Organization rules, and on the other hand prepare measures to firmly fight back the unilateral and unfair trade moves if both sides failed to reach deals via talks. \u00a1\u00b0China\u00a1\u00afs move can follow the principle of a precision strike. It must take measures to deal a blow to the industries in many US states that helped Trump win the 2016 presidential election and those states whose political leaders are still backing him in this year\u00a1\u00afs midterm elections,\u00a1\u00b1 he said. \u00a1\u00b0The trade dispute is not between China and the US people, but between China and Trump\u00a1\u00afs protectionist-minded administration.\u00a1\u00b1 The International Monetary Fund warned on Thursday that trade tensions between the US and China and some other countries could erode the confidence that is vital for global growth. Because the world is so interconnected, the supply chains involve so many countries that it would affect the global economy, the IMF has said.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Mengmeng, a post-90s sound mixer, does not agree that anyone can become a professional singer as long as they have a good sound mixer. \"I have never met someone whose bad voice can be turned perfect when they are singing,\" she said. \"Although in post production, we can absolutely do that.\" After graduating from Beijing Film Academy in film recording major, Mengmeng works in a recording studio in Beijing. Famous artists such as Sun Li and Deng Chao couple, He Jie, Hu Xia, and Xian Zi (Stringer) all record their works in the studio. Being a sound mixer means one needs to stay up late, since the vocal cords of singers perform better after noon. Mengmeng usually starts work at 1 or 2 pm, and works all the way until the early hours.,Mengmeng constantly interacts with singers during post-production. \"A good sound mixer needs to be very patient,\" she said. But certain clients sometimes make her work tough when they struggle to deliver the quality she wants. Producers guide professional singers during recording, and these are great learning opportunities for us, she said. Mengmeng's work does not stop even when she is commuting. As her work involves sitting for hours, she, like many sound mixers, has developed back problems.,Mengmeng also works as a part-time piano teacher. \"When children are bored by musical notation, I divide the notation into passages and make up a story for them,\" she said. \"If there are opportunities, I'd like to be a singer, a backup vocalist, or a music producer,\" she said.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Artificial intelligence startups are mushrooming across China with most of them concentrated on robots, machine vision, intelligent finance and natural language processing, a report reveals.  The report, released by Cyzone Research Center, ranked the top 50 AI innovation startups in China this year, after surveying 290 domestic AI companies.  At the upcoming World Robot Conference in Beijing, some of the top 50 AI startups, such as Slamtec, Roobo and Ubtech, are going to show their latest products and solutions.  Let's take a look at China's top 10 AI innovation startups this year.  YITU Technology, founded in 2012, is conducting research into machine vision, natural language understanding, knowledge reasoning and robotics. It received a C round funding of 380 million yuan from Hillhouse Capital, Banyan Capital, Yunfeng Capital, Sequoia Capital, and ZhenFund this May.  The company won four tests at the Face Recognition Vendor Test organized by the US National Institute of Standards and Technology in June.  DeepGlint, founded in 2013, is an AI company specializing in computer vision, deep learning technologies and embedded hardware.  With world-leading technologies in detection, tracking and recognition of humans and vehicles, the company is also exploring driverless vehicles, robotics and intelligent medical. A computer vision engine service provider, Yi+ offers solutions on scene marketing, intelligent analysis and interactive content.  Percipio.xyz makes 3D vision depth cameras for robots.  No 7 Qfeeltech Founded in 2014, Qfeeltech is a machine vision solution provider.  Slamtec has been developing robot localization and mapping products for more than six years, as well as offering related core sensors.  SenseTime is an information technology company that uses deep learning technology for artificial intelligence applications and big data analysis.  The company has cooperated with companies such as China Mobile, Huawei and Xiaomi and received $410 million in its B round of financing in July.  Founded in 2014, Malong Technologies is an artificial intelligence startup aiming to develop the most accurate visual product recognition Application Programming Interface (APIs).  The company won the first AI Pioneer award from Microsoft in 2016 and received other top tier awards for its AI technology from Amazon and Nvidia. Face++ focuses on offering computer vision technologies that allow customers to add deep learning-based image analysis recognition technologies into applications with simple and powerful APIs and Software Development Kit (SDKs).Insta360, founded in 2014, makes 360-degree cameras.   ", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "BEIJING -Beijing will award scholarships to students from Belt and Road countries studying in 160 programs at universities in the city by 2020, local education authorities said Tuesday. The scholarship program was jointly initiated by the municipal education commission and finance bureau in December 2016. So far, a total of 64 programs have been covered by the scholarships, benefiting some 1,100 students. From 2016 to 2020, 32 undergraduate and postgraduate programs will be chosen each year. In 2016, 32 programs of 23 universities were chosen, and 32 programs of 32 universities were chosen in 2017. The programs include subjects such as aerospace, legal studies and Traditional Chinese Medicine. Officials with the commission said they hope more high-level talent from Belt and Road countries will come to study in Beijing and more educational cooperation will be carried out between Beijing and those countries. ", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "Thousands of applicants hoping to put new energy vehicles on the road in Beijing will find stiff competition that may mean waiting up to eight years to get one license plate, based on data and regulations released by the capital's transport commission on Monday. Beijing will launch its bimonthly license lottery session to allocate the limited car license plates on Tuesday, in which the whole year's quota for new energy vehicles - 54,000, the same as last year - will be used up, and the remaining applicants will get in line for quotas in future years, according to the statement released on the official website of the Beijing Transport Commission on Monday. Nearly 390,000 applicants will be asking for a license plate and those newly enrolled in the lottery system may need to wait as long as eight years if only 54,000 license plates are allotted annually. On the other hand, the number of gasoline-powered cars has exceeded 3.1 million. That means the competition to win the lottery has become more intense since only 40,000 will be allotted this year via six sessions. For 2019, the annual car license quota in Beijing is 100,000, the same as last year. The new energy vehicle quota is 60,000, while the rest is for gasoline-powered cars, according to data released previously by the city's transport commission. The capital introduced the license plate lottery system in 2011 to curb the rapid growth of automobiles, among measures in recent years to control deteriorated air quality.", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "  Leading tech giants from China and the United States figured among the winners of top awards at the 4th World Internet Conference in Wuzhen, Zhejiang province. It was the second year that the World Leading Internet Scientific and Technological Achievement awards had been presented. This year, Alibaba Group, Baidu, Huawei Technologies and Mobike Technology shared the honors with Amazon, Microsoft and Apple. Technologies such as the internet of things or IoT, supercomputing, artificial intelligence and virtual reality featured prominently in the selections of the judges. Few companies have had such a dramatic impact on the physical landscape of China and other cities around the world as Mobike Technology, with millions of consumers now renting its shared bicycles every day. Wang Xiaofeng, co-founder and chief executive officer of the Beijing-based company, said he was sitting in his office with colleagues three years ago and wondered what the solution was to air pollution and traffic jams. \"We noticed also that the usage of bicycles had declined and wondered whether this could be reversed. We came up with a solution that combined smartphone technology with GPS tracking systems.\" Mobike launched in Shanghai in April 2016. Now, it has 8 million bikes in 200 cities across the world. Huawei Technologies won its award for its next-generation mobile communications 3GPP 5G pre-commercial system. It will launch a smartphone to support the technology in 2019 when its chip will be also launched. \"With the 5G technology, users will be able to download a 6-gigabyte file in less than two seconds,\" said Xu Zhijun, rotating CEO of the company. Alibaba Group won the award for ET Brain, its next-generation cloud computing technology. Zhang Yong, CEO of Alibaba, said developments in the internet field over the next 10 years could transform all sectors. \"They could be as significant as were the moon landings in a similar period of development,\" he said. Baidu won its award for its new digital assistant DuerOS, which will take on Apple's Siri and other competitors. Its digital assistant responds vocally to whatever question is asked of it, even on an emotional level. Zhang Yaqin, president of Baidu, said at a news conference after the awards ceremony that people should not be concerned about artificial intelligence destroying jobs. \"Artificial intelligence is only a computer system. It does not have human consciousness or sense,\" he said.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "  Ye Hongxing is presenting works that use thousands of stickers to render well-known pop culture images. Her ongoing show at Beijing's Opposite House also displays her installations and sculptures. Among her installations is Mandala, a large thangka painting\u00a3\u00adan innovative take on the traditional Tibetan Buddhist art form\u00a3\u00adplaced flat on ground with a pagoda standing on it. Both the painting and pagoda are made up of countless little things\u00a3\u00adthe former by stickers and the latter by toys. Snow White, the Smurfs, Angry Birds, Hello Kitty, fighters from the game Contra, dragons and all recognizable images from pop culture are made of stickers and toys. Ye explains that people visit a temple or church to get spiritual enjoyment, which they now often obtain from going to shopping malls instead. The Beijing-based artist speaks in the context of the pagoda and thangka painting, both of which are important symbols of Tibetan Buddhism. \"The pursuit of happiness is the same. But the destination changes.\" Ye started to overlap stickers on her canvases in 2009. Before that, the playful pieces were just decorative material she stuck on her phone and computer. Once she began, she was fascinated with these colorful pieces and produced many paintings featuring them.,  Advertisements, logos, patterns and words of slogans\u00a3\u00adall elements of daily life across the world\u00a3\u00adappear on her canvas through stickers. She regularly goes to a wholesale market in Beijing that sells stickers and updates her works frequently. She says she notices how stickers stay topical in pop culture. \"If you want to know what's popular in the world, just go visit a sticker shop,\" says the 45-year-old artist. Sometimes, she says she doesn't even have an idea of the images on the stickers she uses. But she finds the answer from the sellers or collectors of such items. \"It's easy for a viewer to connect with her works, regardless of background or nationality,\" says Zhang Lexing, a gallerist and collector of Ye's works. \"From a distance they look like beautiful pictures with vivid images or abstract patterns. A closer look will show motifs from daily life.\" Ye says her works focus on the subject of fullness to show the world rich in goods. People are bombarded with information and commodities but they don't know what they really want. Besides, the artist's works reflect opposing entities: exciting and mundane, hard and soft.,Her sculpture A Thousand Years of Fragrance on display is made of more than 100 marble bottles of perfume and alcohol. She has been collecting bottles, especially ones containing scents, for a decade. Her sculptures seek to show personal memories behind perfumes. The show also displays an installation from Ye's latest series Accumulation of Silence, which has more than 60 rock-shaped cushions placed together. \"We're living in a world bombarded by information. Most of it makes no sense,\" says Ye. The series also includes some sticker paintings, which she is still working on. Placing thousands of little pieces on one canvas is usually time-consuming and tedious. But the process is like meditation for her, she says. Mandala alone took her nearly two months. \"My art centers on the concept of fullness. I hope these popular motifs will let people think about their own lives\u00a3\u00adand what they really want in a society full of goods,\" she says. Through June 30, Opposite House, 11 Sanlitun Road, Chaoyang district, Beijing. 010-6417-6688.    ", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Electric bicycles and tricycles on Beijing's roads face stricter regulation as authorities clamp down on substandard and dangerous products. Since mid-May, the Beijing Administration for Industry and Commerce has been investigating sales of products that do not conform to national standards. The authority will introduce new standards to retailers, remind them to stop selling products that don't meet requirements, and contact manufacturers in advance to make sure they meet standards. Starting from July, the authority will examine illegal sales behavior and revoke the business licenses of those who continue to sell products that fail to meet requirements, it said. It added that consumers should buy products that meet national standards. The regulations affect electric bicycles, tricycles, four-wheelers, and scooters for senior citizens. In 2015, there were more than 31,000 accidents in Beijing involving these types of vehicles, resulting in 113 deaths and more than 21,000 injuries, according to the figures provided by the Beijing Traffic Management Bureau. Many electric bicycles and tricycles on Beijing's roads are operated by express and food delivery workers. China is the world's biggest food delivery market. By the end of last year, about 1 million riders delivered more than 27 million orders every day for Ele.me, Baidu Waimai and Meituan Waimai, the country's three biggest online food delivery platforms, and nearly all the riders use electric bicycles or tricycles. Currently, there are more than 1,000 merchants selling electric cycles in Beijing, and about 4 million such vehicles are running on the streets of Beijing. Last year, the Beijing Administration for Industry and Commerce found 174 electric models that failed to meet requirements, and it has placed the sellers on file for investigation and their details have been published on the enterprise credit information website in Beijing. According to national policy, electric cycles need to get 3C authentication, meaning they must be audited by the certification bodies and can only be sold after meeting the requirements. YTO Express, a leading courier with 68,000 branches nationwide, has more than 3,000 electric tricycles for express delivery services in Beijing. \"In recent years, electric tricycles have become the preferred means of transportation for the fast delivery sector, given their flexibility, low-carbon discharge, and high cost performance. But for the fast delivery sector and enterprises, we need to keep the bottom line and ensure the safety of delivery workers at all development stages,\" YTO Express said in an email. The company said it has established a security supervision department at its headquarters in Shanghai, and it has security supervisors in other cities. The company has also launched regular and nonscheduled safety training and safety inspections. \"We educate delivery workers about road traffic regulations and fire safety, and we also check the condition of our electric tricycles to find out if there are problems such as aging circuits, worn tires and loose screws,\" the company said.", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "China has sent air and marine surveillance forces to monitor the oil leak caused by the sunken oil tanker Sanchi and will continue to work with other nations in handling this matter, said a Foreign Ministry spokesman. The nation has also spared no effort in the search and rescue of crew members from the ship and will cooperate with Iran to investigate the accident, Lu Kang told a news conference in Beijing on Tuesday. The spokesman refuted allegations that \"China did not use adequate measures to search for and rescue crew members\", saying the Iranian side has fully recognized China's efforts. In addition to its own vessels, China invited ships from South Korea and Japan to take part in the search-and-rescue operations. Currently, 13 vessels are working together at the scene, he said. The Panama-registered Sanchi, which was owned by an Iranian company and carried 136,000 metric tons of highly flammable condensate oil, or natural gas liquids, collided with a Hong Kong freighter, CR Crystal, on Jan 6 some 160 nautical miles east of Shanghai and burst into flames. On Sunday, the ship exploded and sank. A large amount of the spilled condensate continued to burn on the sea's surface until Monday morning, the State Oceanic Administration said. Chinese experts have said that if the leak is not adequately dealt with, it will jeopardize the ecosystem of the surrounding waters, and that the most urgent task is to retrieve the leaked oil. Peng Yingdeng, a researcher at the National Research Center on Urban Environmental Pollution Control in Beijing, told Red Star News, a mobile phone-based portal in Sichuan province's Chengdu, that the accident seems to have had little effect on the air quality of coastal cities but is likely to extensively disturb the structure and functions of seawater around the scene. Huang Weiqiu, a professor at Changzhou University's School of Petroleum Engineering, explained to the same portal that the leaked condensate oil will take a long time to evaporate due to the chilly temperature of the sea, so it is likely to remain afloat and keep moving along with sea waves, posing a serious threat to marine organisms. Science and Technology Daily quoted Professor Gong Yongjun, a marine salvage expert at Dalian Maritime University in Liaoning province as saying that China is technically capable of recovering most of the oil that has sunken with the vessel using divers and robots.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": " BEIJING, April 14 \u00a1\u00aa Beijing Benz Automotive Co. will recall 1,925 Mercedes-Benz vehicles as of May 31, 2019, due to defective airbags. The recall involves its C-class sedans and GLC sport utility vehicles manufactured between January and March 2018, according to the State Administration for Market Regulation. The knee airbags for the driver may not provide effective protection due to a fault of the airbag supplier, thus increasing the risk of injury to people in the vehicle in the case of accidents. The company will replace the defective knee airbags free of charge for affected vehicles.", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "BEIJING - China hopes for positive and constructive outcomes from the ongoing Sino-US economic and trade consultations, the Ministry of Commerce (MOC) said Thursday. \"We hope that the two sides can meet each other halfway, and properly resolve disputes and manage differences through consultations, based on the principle of mutual respect and equal consultation,\" MOC spokesperson Gao Feng said at a press conference. Gao also expressed hope that the two sides would make joint efforts to advance bilateral economic and trade cooperation. \"China does not want to see escalating Sino-US economic and trade friction, but is prepared for all possible scenarios,\" Gao said. Chinese Vice-Premier Liu He arrived in Washington Tuesday afternoon for economic and trade consultations with the US side at the invitation of the US government. Gao reiterated China's opposition to the US Section 301 investigation and urged the United States to cease investigation procedures. The Section 301 investigation is \"an act of unilateralism\" and \"unpopular with the public,\" he said, citing that more than 90 percent of the 2,000-plus published comments during the hearings opposed the tariff proposal. \"China expects the United States to take concrete action as soon as possible on a case involving Chinese telecom equipment maker ZTE, and to resolve it in a fair and reasonable manner,\" he said. The comment came after US President Donald Trump said in a tweet Sunday that the two sides are working together to give ZTE \"a way to get back into business, fast,\" and the US Commerce Department has been instructed to work on the issue. Gao pointed out that market forces were behind China-US economic and trade cooperation. \"We will resolutely defend our own interests and will not make any deal at the cost of China's core interests,\" Gao said. Gao said China would expand the opening of its market in a proactive, steady and orderly manner, in accordance with its own development need, its own pace and timetable, to benefit both the Chinese people and people across the world.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Beijing will never tolerate any separatist schemes or activities related to \"Taiwan independence\", Premier Li Keqiang warned on Monday in Beijing. He made the remark when delivering the Government Work Report at the opening meeting of the first session of the 13th National People's Congress, the top legislature. \"We will remain firm in safeguarding China's sovereignty and territorial integrity,\" Li said. In upholding the one-China policy, the mainland will continue to promote peaceful development of cross-Straits relations on the basis of the 1992 Consensus, which embodies the one-China policy and advances China's peaceful reunification, he said. Li promised that the mainland will expand cross-Straits economic and cultural exchanges and cooperation, and ensure that over time people from Taiwan come to enjoy the same treatment as mainland residents when they pursue studies, do business, work or live on the mainland. \"As fellow Chinese living on both sides of the Taiwan Straits, we share a bond of kinship,\" he said. \"As long as we go with the tide of history and work together for our nation's greater good, we will together create the future-a beautiful future of national rejuvenation.\" Zhang Zhijun, director of the Taiwan Affairs Office of the State Council, said by upholding the one-China policy, Beijing will continue to promote peaceful development and advance China's peaceful reunification. \"However, if some people insist on supporting 'Taiwan independence' and destroying our homes and lands, the Chinese people, including Taiwan compatriots, won't accept it. The Chinese nation won't accept it. What they (separatists) do is futile,\" he said. \"We have firm resolve and are full of confidence that we have sufficient capability to stop any scheme or activity related to 'Taiwan independence'.\" Zhang said tension between the mainland and Taiwan has been caused by the Taiwan authority's failure to recognize the 1992 Consensus. To further promote exchanges and cooperation with the island, the office introduced 31 measures that allow Taiwan residents to share in the opportunities brought about by the mainland's development. The measures cover industry, finance and taxation, land use, employment, education, culture and healthcare. They include 12 that relate to equal treatment for Taiwan enterprises. Financial institutions in Taiwan can cooperate with mainland counterparts to provide small payment and credit services for Taiwan residents, according to the measures. The measures can help Taiwan businesses reduce their manufacturing and operating costs, speed up transformation and upgrade and expand in the mainland market. There are also 19 measures offering Taiwan people equal treatment with mainland residents in areas including education, establishing businesses, and working on the mainland. Limits on films and television programs, including annual quotas on TV content or the number of movies airing in cinemas, will also be eliminated.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Ethiopia's flag carrier Ethiopian Airlines (ET) is to facilitate a visa hub service starting January 2019 for Chinese travelling to 35 African countries, an Ethiopian official said on Wednesday. Speaking to Xinhua, Tewolde Gebremariam, CEO of ET Group, said China's large geographical size has meant its not always convenient for Chinese wanting to come to African countries to process their visa applications in Beijing. Gebremariam said ET has the largest air network for an African airlines in China, currently travelling to five Chinese destinations, helping Chinese and foreign nations living in various corners of China to directly travel to Ethiopia and beyond without the need to transit in Beijing. Ethiopian Airlines currently has daily passenger flights from Ethiopian capital Addis Ababa to Guangzhou and Beijing and three times a week passenger flights to Chengdu as well as daily passenger and cargo flights to Hong Kong and Shanghai. ET is also planning to start passenger flights to Shenzhen and cargo flights to Zhengzhou in the coming few months. \"The plan is to have a visa hub in Addis Ababa, where Chinese visitors can directly travel from our five Chinese destinations to Addis Ababa and be able to apply for visas of 35 African countries through their embassies in Ethiopia,\" said Gebremariam. He further said 35 African governments have reached agreement with Ethiopian government on the visa scheme, which intends to boost Chinese investment prospects in Africa. \"Most African countries' embassies are located in Beijing, but China is a big country and some Chinese may not be able to come to Beijing to apply for visas in countries like Zimbabwe, Zambia or Nigeria,\" said Gebremariam. \"The visa scheme will facilitate easier air travel for Chinese experts and business people and reduces their financial cost. We believe the visa scheme will significantly boost China-Africa trade ties and we are very excited about it,\" he further said.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "The White House's decision to \"implement a 25 percent tariff on $50 billion of goods from China that contain industrially significant technologies\", made on Friday, is a stark violation of the core spirit of recent trade talks between China and the US and is set to backfire if Washington doesn't back off from its dangerous adventurism. The two sides have achieved substantial results in the recent rounds of dialogue in Washington and Beijing and there have been constructive signs of improving trade relations despite the difficulty to entirely iron out their trade differences in the short term. By issuing the statement of tariff imposition on Friday, however, the Donald Trump administration has once again proved inconsistent and precarious, which will become a major hurdle as the world's two largest economies interact with each other to build a new-type of trade relations. The US' unilateralism has been visible at the recent G7 meeting in Canada and has become a factor of uncertainty for the global efforts to restore global trade order and fight protectionism. What the US should bear in mind is that its unilateral moves will lead to nothing but resolute fighting back from its trade partners, including China. Given the frequent flip-flopping of the Donald Trump administration, it is still too early to conclude that a trade war will start. But China's stance has been consistent: It welcomes dialogue and is not afraid of trade war threats. China has made it clear that it will take \"immediate\" tariff measures of \"equal scale and strength\" right after the statement by the White House was released. Washington should not underestimate China's resoluteness in safeguarding its core interest. The US side should be responsible if, as China has said, all economic and trade outcomes of previous talks fail to take effect thanks to the US' latest decision to impose tariffs on Chinese goods. China as the world's second-largest economy and the largest consumer market has announced and will take substantial moves to further open its economy, which will provide opportunities of development for all other countries, including the US. It will be regrettable if the US companies and workers fail to benefit from China's economic liberalization moves due to Washington's refusal to cast away its adventurism.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Beihang University, one of China\u00a1\u00afs top science and technology institutes, held the Beijing heat of a competition for tech startups on Thursday. Five winning enterprises were selected from 12 entrants at the capital\u00a1\u00afs National Convention Center. Their employees will now receive intense training with peers from other cities \u00a1\u00aa Kunming, Chengdu, Xi\u00a1\u00afan, Tianjin, Hangzhou, Yan\u00a1\u00afan and Shenzhen \u00a1\u00aa and Silicon Valley in the US before a final later this year. The winner will receive funding from a seed-money foundation and other financial support, according to a news release from the university. Beihang University has been named by the central government as a model in terms of sci-tech innovation and helping staff members and students start businesses. In the past four years, the university has offered support to 75 high-tech companies founded by Beihang students, the news release added.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "The mission to develop   the study of traditional Chinese thought and culture, is an arduous journey requiring the effort of today's youth and future generations, experts asserted at a recent education forum in Beijing. The forum, co-hosted by Yuelu Academy, ifeng.com, Dunhe Foundation and Particle Information, released a report, which indicates that content pertaining to  loosely defined as the study of ancient Chinese civilization, specifically, subjects such as history, philosophy, literature and art-is gaining popularity among young Chinese. By analyzing results from the big data system of the Particle Information app and a questionnaire from ifeng.com with 100,000 respondents, the report gives a rounded account of the age, gender, region and interests of people holding an interest in  The report delves into the group of   youth\", users aged under 36, who have subscribed to a   channel on the Particle Information app. Within this group, users born in the 1980s account for nearly half with a significant 48.46 percent, followed by those born in the 1990s, with 32.47 percent.,Though most are interested in traditional content, such as calligraphy,   (the Book of Changes) and ancient poetry, these young followers of traditional Chinese culture also subscribe to channels with modern characteristics, including films, technology and design. Gan Lu, general manager of the marketing center at Particle Information, says that the popularity of   among younger users is marked with a sense of modernity, as their passion for it is often presented in their preferred forms of entertainment. For instance, they choose TV shows, travel destinations and products that have rich cultural connotations. \"With the increasing popularity of   comes the prevalence of culture-related variety shows and the rise of the cultural and creative industries,\" Gan observes. \"It shows the subtle influence that traditional culture exerts on the values of contemporary youth.\" Gong Pengcheng, director of the Cultural Resources Research Center at Peking University, says: \"We have known that fashion trends and entertainment consumption of today's young people bear the stamp of traditional culture. However, in our education system, guoxue has yet to be implemented.\",According to Gong, modern education should draw from the benign conventions of traditional education and develop a general syllabus with emphases on classical literature, interpersonal skills and physical fitness. \"In order to rejuvenate our educational traditions, we should constantly reflect on our modes of teaching and incorporate into modern education the spirit and practices of traditional learning,\" Gong says. Yang Dongping, director of the 21st Century Education Research Institute, concurs with Gong in saying that traditions of ancient education should be inherited. \"Schools are the center of China's education,\" he notes. \"We should inherit the tradition of small-class teaching in order to provide humanitarian and individualized education.\" Zhu Xiangfei, a visiting professor at Beijing Normal University, founded the Kongyang Confucian Studio in 2009, which is aimed at popularizing   education in both schools and wider society. He says that classics such as The Analects of Confucius should be taught throughout every stage of education. \"It should first be taught in middle schools, then studied at a deeper level in universities and, finally, for the rest of one's life. It is essentially the task of the entire society to study traditional culture.\",Xu Yong, professor of education at Beijing Normal University, concludes that time and patience are needed in popularizing   but modern technology does help accelerate the process. Giving the example of his students who use mobile applications in disseminating guoxue, Xu says, \"It is the responsibility of the younger generation to seek innovation of traditional culture using modern communication methods.\" This assertion is exemplified by the school projects of several students from Tsinghua University Primary School, who used data analysis methods to analyze classical poet Su Shi's work and influence on tourism. Other scholars including Yang and Zhu Xiaojian, executive vice-dean of the Institute for Advanced Study of the Humanities and Religion at Beijing Normal University, also recognize the power of technological development in disseminating   and it will depend on future generations to implement the long-term mission of   education.", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "BEIJING - The annual conference of the Boao Forum for Asia (BFA), also known as Asia's Davos, has drawn widespread media attention ahead of the brainstorming on issues of global concern. Themed \"An Open and Innovative Asia for a World of Greater Prosperity\", the 2018 edition will be held in southern Chinese island province Hainan from April 8 to 11. \"Commentators have long compared the Boao Forum to that in Davos,\" the Hong Kong-based South China Morning Post said in a commentary Saturday. \"But given (that) Asia is the world's engine and driver of growth and key decision-makers gather at Boao each year, it would seem to have greater clout. Understandably, given the uncertainty (over) the global economy, hopes are pinned on (Chinese President) Xi (Jinping) to lay out a means of assuring continued development and prosperity.\" Titled \"Boao Forum for Asia the perfect occasion for Xi to announce major reforms\", the commentary also said, \"With a looming trade war with the United States as a backdrop, China must make long-term changes to strengthen the nation's economy and make it more resilient to external influences.\" British news agency Reuters said Friday President Xi is \"expected to unveil reform measures next week and his country's opening up while attending the Boao Forum, China's equivalent of Davos.\" British daily The Guardian said Thursday that with trade tensions between China and the United States escalating, \"observers on both sides will be watching closely when Xi gives (his) opening remarks\" at the event. Quartz, a business news brand under Atlantic Media, also reported on the annual conference.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "During the ongoing International Horticultural Exhibition 2019 in Beijing's Yanqing district, reporters from various local and international media outlets can expect 5G technology coverage and floriculture lectures at the media center. According to Ma Guoying, deputy head of the publicity and planning department of the expo's coordination bureau, the media center, which opened on April 27, is fully covered by 5G-the fifth-generation wireless network. \"Reporters can get a 4K high-definition view of the expo through the 5G network,\" she said. Andres Osorio, a Colombian reporter who arrived on the center's opening day, said it was easy to use. \"For journalists, the internet is useful and fast,\" he said. In addition, horticultural activities are available for reporters in the media center at their leisure. Shi Lei, chief supervisor of the Beijing Flower Arrangement Association, said lectures on flower arrangements are given to reporters every day from 10 am to 12 noon, and from 2 pm to 4:30 pm. \"Friends from the media can do their own bouquets and take them home when they finish their work at the center. It's totally free,\" he said. \"It is a great way for reporters to relax and help them learn more about horticulture through these do-it-yourself bouquets.\" He said this was the first time for a media center to present horticultural related activities. \"It adds a more human touch to the center,\" Shi said. There were also 185 trained volunteers present at the center to provide information to reporters. On her fifth day at the center, Sun Miaochen, a sophomore at Beijing Forestry University, gave out information about transportation and downloads to reporters. \"Actually, I'm a student studying ornamental horticulture, so it's a very special experience for me,\" she said. Ji Runyin, a junior at Communication University of China, was impressed with the large scale of the expo. \"I used to feel these large events were far away from my life, which I could only experience by watching the television or the internet,\" he said. \"But now, I'm a participant. It's really amazing to me.\" According to the expo's coordination bureau, the media center will open for 164 days. So far, 3,789 reporters have registered for the expo. Of those, 275 are from overseas news organizations, while 3,514 are from news agencies in China.", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "Beijing and neighboring areas, including Tianjin and Hebei province, are expected to experience heavy rainstorms starting on Thursday.  Incoming storms have already resulted in the cancellation of more than 200 flights in the capital on Wednesday.  Thunderstorms were expected to hit the capital on Wednesday night, with moderate rainfall, reaching a peak on Thursday, with torrential rains sweeping the capital, Tianjin and Hebei, said Guo Jinlan, chief forecaster of the Beijing Meteorological Center.  The heavy rain is expected to last in the region until Saturday, with precipitation reaching 100 to 150 millimeters a day in some regions, which could be good for thirsty soil, she said.  The coming round of torrential rain is mainly the result of a cold front moving in from Mongolia, which could bring strong and steady rain, Sun Jun, chief forecaster at the Central Meteorological Center, said on Wednesday.  Similar heavy rains and gusty winds have caused injuries and traffic chaos in Beijing.  The capital's weather authority has issued a yellow rain alert, the third-highest level in the four-tiered system.  The thunderstorm, gusts and torrential rains for the coming days will affect traffic, especially flights.  As of 6 pm on Wednesday, 280 flights in and out of Beijing Capital International Airport have been canceled, according to the North China Regional Administration of the Civil Aviation Administration of China.  Based on the weather forecasts, it was estimated that traffic capacity in the airport would be reduced by 30 percent from 4 pm to 11 pm on Wednesday, and only allow 30 arrivals per hour, airport authorities said.  After 11 pm, air traffic capacity will be further reduced, with only 20 arrivals allowed to land per hour, the airport added.  The airport said it is prepared to coordinate the flights and serve tourists.  Parts of Beijing, Tianjin and Hebei province may encounter torrential rains on Thursday, but \"it will not reach the highest alert level as rumors predicted,\" said Fang Chong, a forecaster at the central weather center. But she reminded the public to take preventive measures, and be alert for rain-triggered floods and landslides. ", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "The State Council, or China's Cabinet, appointed Xiao Yaqing, the nation's former top State assets regulator, as the minister of the State Administration of Market Regulation, the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security announced on Tuesday. The reshuffle of senior officials came after Zhang Mao, the former head of the State Administration of Market Regulation, reached the mandatory retirement age of 65. Hao Peng, current Party secretary of the State-Owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission, will take full charge of the SASAC. Xiao was general manager of State-owned Aluminum Corporation of China Ltd before becoming deputy secretary-general of the State Council in 2009. He was appointed chairman of the SASAC in 2016, tasked with deepening reform of the nation's SOEs. Under Xiao's leadership, the SASAC has been advancing a mixed-ownership reform pilot program to let private businesses better engage in SOE reform by having more access to the sector, said Li Jin, chief researcher at the China Enterprise Research Institute in Beijing. The commission also took a number of measures to adjust the asset structure of SOEs, such as the merger of China Guodian Corp and Shenhua Group, as well as China Grain Reserves Group Ltd and China National Cotton Reserves Corp. It also took steps to reform the State-owned capital authorization management system and tighten supervision of SOEs' investment in overseas markets. Born in 1959 in Beijing, Xiao will be the second person to head the State Administration of Market Regulation since it was established in March 2018. The SASAC oversees areas including company registration, intellectual property protection, antitrust reviews, market competition, product quality, and food safety and drug approvals. At the administration, Xiao's main task will be promoting market-based economic activity as this is the key to overall and steady economic growth, said Wan Zhe, chief economist at Beijing-based China National Gold Group.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "In many people's minds, there exist two ways to discover picturesque Jiangnan, on the southern bank of Yangtze River. One is to view the landscape in real life and the other is to view the paintings of the late modern master Wu Guanzhong. Wu, a native of Yixing, Jiangsu province, in the heart Jiangnan, recreated the natural beauty of the region he had been familiar with since childhood in such a way that it evokes a poetic resonance in a viewer, rendering his works with a classic charm. Two paintings from Wu's Jiangnan landscape series will go under the hammer in Beijing on Thursday as part of a sale by Poly International Auction. Both titled Twin Swallows, the paintings are of the same size and present the same composition, but in different mediums: one is a classic Chinese ink piece completed in 1988 and the other is oil on canvas, and was completed six years later. The two works, both 70 by 140 centimeters, depict the same serene scene, in which a couple of swallows fly over a stretch of riverside and houses built in a typical Jiangnan architectural style.,The composition looks as simple as one can find in many landscapes of Wu's oeuvre. It is divided into three parts, the reflective water, the rectangular residential buildings and the gloomy sky-in which one could easily miss the two flying swallows whose size is relatively small compared with the paintings' other subjects. The color palette of the two pictures is light. Wu smeared the river and the sky with a subtle degree of gray and, at the center of the paintings, he outlined several conjunctive white walls, a distinctive feature of the Jiangnan architecture. He only dabbed some green, red and yellow on a tree standing by the river, bringing about the only vibrant aspect to an overall sad or serene effect that engulfs the two paintings. According to Wang Luxiang, a researcher at China National Academy of Painting in Beijing, Wu began exploring the Jiangnan motif after he attended classes given by art professors of the former Soviet Union in Beijing, in the early 1950s. Wu, a graduate of oil painting at the prestigious National High School of Fine Arts in Paris, then taught at the Central Academy of Fine Arts in Beijing. Wang says Wu had heard the Soviet-era lecturers say that Jiangnan was not a suitable subject for oil painting, because, unlike Europe, it rained heavily throughout the year in the region, thus the architecture and the views were drab, and it was difficult to distinguish the land and the sky, both awash with gray. \"In much disbelief, Wu began traveling frequently to Jiangnan from the 1960s onward,\" Wang says. \"He sketched and experimented. He wanted to find an approach to depict the poetry and elegance unique to Jiangnan that could be presented in both Chinese and Western forms.\" Wu finally found it after a two-decade effort. \"He succeeded in choosing a grayish silver as the dominant tone of his palette. He was inspired after his long gazes at local houses. \"He also found in the structure of these buildings the clean-cut combination of dots and lines. His paintings show a brilliant combination of a lot of lines, large areas of white space and dots, with reduced details,\" Wang says. The greatness of Wu's Jiangnan landscapes is that he was able to balance sense and sensibility by juxtaposing the energy of nature and the power of man-made structures and forms, he adds.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "YANGON -- Under the leadership of the Communist Party of China (CPC), Beijing has chosen the right path of development which has brought prosperity to its people, Chairman of the Myanmar-China Friendship Association U Sein Win Aung told Xinhua in a recent interview.  After decades of reform, China has established a market-oriented economy based on its own national conditions, said U Sein Win Aung who is also former Myanmar ambassador to China.  Since it joined the World Trade Organization in 2001, China has become the world's second largest economy and economists expect that Beijing may surpass Washington to rank first in the near future, he said.  China adopted a market-oriented economy and established special economic zones along its coastal areas, which has successfully attracted foreign investment to boost the economy in the country's east, he said.  Meanwhile, Beijing unvelied a strategy in 2000 to open up the country's west, and has achieved remarkable economic development that continues today, he added.  He also praised China's multi-party cooperation and consultation under the leadership of the CPC as a good political system because party representatives can make proposals at the National People's Congress and the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference.  Commenting on the Belt and Road Initiative, U Sein Win Aung said the initiative, which benefits China as well as the rest of the world, is a project of peace connecting Asia, Europe and Africa.  The Belt and Road Initiative, proposed by Chinese President Xi Jinping in 2013, comprises the Silk Road Economic Belt and the 21st Century Maritime Silk Road, which aims to build trade and infrastructure networks connecting Asia with Europe and Africa on and beyond the ancient Silk Road routes.  The initiative will bring about common prosperity, upgrade infrastructure, facilitate flow of commodities and enhance mutual understanding through cultural exchanges, U Sein Win Aung said.  Myanmar dominates an important position geographically on the Belt and Road, he said, expecting the country to play a larger role within the initiative's framework.  China has been working to maintain peace and stability globally, he said, adding the world will be more stable if common prosperity is achieved.  He expressed hope that the CPC will further develop and lead China to continue contributing to global development. ", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Entrepreneurship is in a golden age, but most companies are finding it harder to raise funds compared with previous years, according to top industry experts. \"This year has been tough for many startups but is also a year we are proud of,\" said Dai Zigeng, president of Beijing Cultural Investment Development Group Co Ltd and a founder of Born for Maker, a startup incubation project. \"Amid economic uncertainties, a group of startups still stand out.\" Dai made the remarks at a maker night during the fifth World Internet Conference held in Wuzhen, East China's Zhejiang province, which ended on Nov 9. The maker night, as part of the Born for Maker project, was organized by Beijing News. The annual event aims to select and incubate the country's emerging startups. A group of Chinese startups, including Starbucks rival Luckin Coffee, self-driving startup Roadstar.ai and online education startup VIP Peilian, were named among the top 10 startups at this year's maker night. These companies all succeeded raising funds over the past year, with totals exceeding 5 billion yuan ($719 million). Their average valuation is close to 3.5 billion yuan, with four companies growing to become \"unicorns\" \u00a1\u00aa startups valued at over $1 billion. For years, China has promoted mass entrepreneurship and innovation to boost employment, optimize the economic structure and facilitate a shift of growth engines. Li Xiaoqiang, president of an internet investment fund, noted entrepreneurship is in a golden age as the country's internet still has big room for growth. \"The internet penetration rate for developed countries hit 80 percent, while China stands at less than 60 percent, meaning there is still huge growth potential,\" he said.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "A transportation plan showing how the Xiongan New Area will link with Beijing, Tianjin and other areas in Hebei province has been unveiled. The map shows that four north-south high-speed railway lines and two east-west routes will pass through Xiongan, according to a report by China Central Television. Routes include existing lines, such as the Beijing-Guangzhou high-speed railway, and new ones, including the Beijing-Xiongan intercity rail. Upon completion of the railways, journeys from Xiongan to Beijing will be reduced to 30 minutes, less than half the current travel time. Trains from Xiongan will only take 20 minutes to reach Beijing's new airport, 30 minutes to reach Tianjin, and an hour to reach Hebei's provincial capital Shijiazhuang, according to the report. Located about 100 kilometers southwest of downtown Beijing, Xiongan sits at the center of the triangular area formed by the capital, Tianjin and Shijiazhuang. It was created to advance the integrated development of the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region. Besides railways, the network map also includes seven expressways that will connect the new area to regions near and far. After taking shape, it will take only 60 minutes to drive from Xiongan to Beijing or Tianjin, and 90 minutes to drive to Shijiazhuang. The driving time now is at least two hours to each city. The transportation plan was unveiled in Beijing on Tuesday at a conference on the integrated development of the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region presided over by Vice-Premier Zhang Gaoli. Xinhua News Agency reported that, during the meeting, Zhang said a framework plan for Xiongan has entered a final stage and will be examined and approved by the Communist Party of China Central Committee and the State Council. The two authorities announced the decision to set up Xiongan in April as part of efforts to relocate noncapital functions from Beijing. \"After the plan is approved, the area should implement it prudently and deliberately,\" Zhang said, adding that the construction of transportation infrastructure and ecological environment projects should also be accelerated. He said that more domestic and foreign talent should be invited to participate in the construction of Xiongan, while supporting policies for developing investment and financing, and tax and land development should be formulated. Spanning three counties in Hebei's Baoding, the new area will initially cover about 100 square kilometers before being expanded to about 2,000 sq km over the long-term. A series of preparatory measures have been taken in the area since April, and a group of high-tech giants, including Alibaba and Baidu, have already established branches there.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "  Authorities have put the brakes on diesel trucks transporting coal to and from seaports in northern China. It's one of a series of new measures to cut vehicle exhaust emissions, a senior environmental official said on Tuesday.  Since April, only trains are allowed to carry coal to Tianjin Port. Other ports, including Cangzhou and Tangshan ports in Hebei province, will follow suit in September, under an air pollution action plan for the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region.  Before the ban, diesel trucks were making 6,000 to 7,000 journeys a day to Tianjin Port, Liu Bingjiang, head of air pollution control at the Ministry of Environmental Protection, said on Tuesday at the Environmental Protection Industry Innovation and Development Conference.  Emissions from a heavy diesel truck are equal to those of 200 gasoline-powered cars, he said, adding that the move will significantly lower the concentration of PM2.5, fine particulate matter in the air that can harm health.  Diesel trucks make about 2 million trips to deliver around 60 million metric tons of coal a year to Tianjin Port, according to the ministry.  The coal usually comes from Shanxi and Hebei provinces and the Inner Mongolia autonomous region, via Beijing, making the trucks significant polluters of the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei regions.  \"It wasn't an easy decision, but we have to push forward despite the huge economic loss if we want to combat air pollution,\" Yuan Yi, manager of the port's logistics company, was quoted as saying by Tianjin Daily.  In April, 16 shipments came to the port by train, up from 10 shipments in March.  In addition to the truck ban, the ministry \"will take tougher measures to control vehicle exhaust emissions, which have contributed more pollutants in recent years,\" Yuan said.  Last year, China had 295 million registered vehicles; and in 15 major cities, including Beijing, Tianjin and Shanghai, exhaust emissions contributed between 13.5 percent and 41 percent of all airborne pollutants, according to ministry figures.  About 33 percent of all registered vehicles in China, including trucks and cars, are in the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region.  The ministry plans to halt all truck transportation for companies whenever the region issues an emergency warning for air pollution next winter.  It also issued the National VI standard for exhaust emissions - the strictest in the world - which could cut emissions by 90 percent from the National I standard, Liu said.  In addition, along major expressways in the region, new stationary remote-sensing equipment will test moving cars' emission levels by the end of this year, he said.   ", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "A project named Drama Chain recently kicked off in Beijing to provide Chinese actors, actresses, singers, sports stars and screenwriters who want to be a director with virtual currency Ether, to support their dreams. The project is based on blockchain technology, designed to be resistant to modification of data. Tian Jingbo, co-founder of the project believes that, as all information on the blockchain is readable by the public, it will solve problems in the entertainment industry \u00a1\u00aa such as fake data, piracy and monopoly of distribution channels. Singer Zhou Yanhong released her new song at the press conference adding that she will direct her first movie this year, with part of the revenue being donated to children with autism. It was also announced that director Wang Zeyu is planning his new film  a comedy about an insignificant man pursuing his dream. Both movies will be a part of the Drama Chain project.", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "A private Beijing transport company has pledged to install 40 new charging stations next year in preparation for more electric buses. The move will take the number of charging stations cross the capital to 100, said Lian Xingye, deputy general manager of Beijing Junma Passenger Transport Co. Junma is one of several bus companies providing public transport services in Beijing, with most of its routes in Shunyi district. The company bought its first clean-energy vehicle, powered by liquefied natural gas, in 2012. Today, 90 percent of its 557 buses either run on LNG or electricity, according to its general manager, Men Bolai. Increasing the use of e-buses and encouraging more people to use public transport instead of driving are seen as vital to reduce air pollution in Beijing. The city government has offered transport companies subsidies to switch to green vehicles, and more than 65 percent of buses are expected to run on clean energy by the end of this year, said Wang Hao with the Beijing Transport Commission. Beijing has about 27,000 buses serving 1,200 routes. About 10 million journeys a day are made using these vehicles. Besides the environmental benefits, e-buses also have economic advantages. \u00a1\u00b0Electric buses cost 1 yuan (15 US cents) a kilometer to run, while gas or diesel vehicles cost 2 yuan,\u00a1\u00b1 Lian said. \u00a1\u00b0Engines powered by fossil fuels also need regular maintenance, which costs money, while electric engines don\u00a1\u00aft, making them more cost effective.\u00a1\u00b1  However, challenges remain, such as the shortage of charging stations and low battery capacity.  Beijing Transport Commission now requires all bus parking lots to have charging stations, Wang said. China is promoting e-buses nationwide. Some 200,000 new e-buses were expected to be put into operation this year, according to Wu Chungeng, a spokesman for the Ministry of Transport.", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "Artificial intelligence will play an important role in reshaping an array of major industries such as retail, manufacturing and healthcare.  Leading senior executives told the 4th World Internet Conference on Monday that rapid technological changes will transform companies and society.  Robin Li, CEO of Baidu Inc, felt that in comparison with mobile internet technology, which revolutionized consumer services, AI will have a far bigger influence on how companies run their businesses.  \"For instance, Baidu is leveraging AI to help supermarkets better manage their supply of fresh food, by analyzing and predicting which products are most popular,\" said Li, who runs China's largest search engine.  He pointed out that such solutions had effectively reduced food waste and boosted the profit growth at pilot stores.  In other sectors, AI can be used to help coal mining companies reduce accidents by bringing in precautionary measures, while steel mills will be able to automatically check product defects.  Li's comments came as China starts to accelerate artificial intelligence applications in manufacturing, healthcare, automobile, consumer electronics and other key sectors.  In July, the country unveiled a national development plan to build a 1 trillion yuan ($151 billion) AI core industry by 2030. This is supposed to stimulate as much as 10 trillion yuan in related businesses.    Lu Yimin, general manager of China United Network Communications Group Co Ltd, said China Unicom is experimenting with the next-generation mobile communication technology.  The country's second largest telecom carrier by mobile subscribers aims to lay down a sound information infrastructure for the application of AI.  \"Connection is ultimate power for all intelligence,\" Lu said. \"We will start offering pre-commercial 5G service in 2019.\"  China Unicom has set up a 10 billion yuan fund to promote the development of the internet of things, or IoT.  In the future, components at assembly lines, as well as electronic home appliances, will be connected to the internet, producing massive amounts of data to fuel the development of artificial intelligence.  \"A key factor of digital economy is integration,\" said Lei Jun, founder and CEO of Chinese smartphone company Xiaomi Corp.  \"Only by integrating AI with various sectors can we give full display of the technological advancements the world has made,\" Lei added.  Last month, Xiaomi had more than 85 million consumer electronic devices on its IoT platform.  Alibaba Group Holding Ltd, the largest e-commerce company in China, is also scrambling to apply AI, this time to the care of the elderly.  Chen Lijuan, head of Alibaba AI Lab, announced that the company will bring its voice-assistant smart speaker, Tmall Genie, to selected nursing homes in Beijing by the end of the month.  Senior residents will be able to activate the device through voice commands.  Among a host of applications, it will then be able to turn on, or off, lights, search for weather reports and control other smart-home devices.  \"Such applications can enhance the quality of life for the older generation, and help improve work efficiency of the nursing staff,\" Chen said. ", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "As the International Horticultural Exhibition approaches, visitors are in for a green treat. Li Shumei, a Beijing resident who works for the China Youth Travel Service and has been involved with the exhibition since 2015, says she is quite confident that everything will be in good order when the exhibition opens to the public on April 29. \"We've been preparing since last year, and everything is of a high standard,\" says Li, who mainly works on improving the visitor experience relating to seating, drinking water and toilet facilities at the exhibition venue. The exhibition will be held 74 kilometers from the center of Beijing. \"It (the exhibition space) used to be an empty space,\" she says. But now, modern facilities, flowers and trees have taken up the space. The exhibition will be held in Beijing's Yanqing district and promises a diverse and immersive horticulture experience for the public. Li, who has been part of at least a dozen large-scale horticulture events across the country, says she is particularly impressed by the Beijing exhibition. \"The pavilion layout, decorations, and garden design and originality are all beyond compare,\" she says. The exhibition, which will run through October, covers an area of 503 hectares. And it will have four major themes - international, China, life experience and horticultural technology. Approximately 110 countries and organizations have registered to participate. One of Li's favorite areas at the exhibition is the China Pavilion, which covers an area of 15,000 square meters. There, visitors can see China's ecological culture, the latest gardening developments and floral arrangements. Currently, more than 3,000 people from the travel agency have moved into the exhibition area for the final preparations.,Speaking about their role, Xu Xiaolei, a spokesman for China Youth Travel Service, says: \"We're mostly responsible for site operations, including pavilion management, ticketing and guest reception services.\" And although most of the visitors are expected to buy tickets on site or book them one to three days in advance, more than 100,000 tickets have been locked up by the eager souls at the moment, says Xu. As for the overseas representation, Xu says: \"The participating countries and organizations will surely bring in their best, so the audience can feast their eyes on the offerings.\" Meanwhile, the travel agency has developed different tour products for visitors, so they can enjoy more than 3,000 activities at the site, including music and art performance while viewing the gardening on display. Hotels will also be available in the proximity to satisfy the demands of those who want to stay longer. Separately, classes will also be available for those interested. \"They can listen to masters on gardening and learn how a seed turns into a flower,\" says Xu, who adds that the horticulture exhibition will enable both young people and adults to appreciate the beauty of life and the importance of environmental protection. \"It will surely have a positive influence on their attitudes toward life.\"", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Flagship Beijing roast duck restaurant Da Dong is expanding its overseas presence by teaming up with Dubai-based JA Resorts and Hotels, as the latter is eager to attract more Chinese tourists. Peking roast duck is a signature dish in the culinary culture of China's capital, and established premium bistro Da Dong is among the best-loved restaurants specializing in the dish. Award-winning chef Dong Zhenxiang is targeting customized menus at diners seeking a taste of Beijing while lounging beside a Maldivian beach at JA's Manafaru Island resort. \"One of the benefits from this cooperation is that we can raise our international reputation,\" Dong said. \"For the Chinese market, I think it's significant to have some key elements for them, and one is food,\" said Rob Cunningham, vice-president of food and beverage in JA Resorts and Hotels. \"I have been living in China for eight years and I know the relationship between people and food is so fundamental.\" He said he picked Da Dong to partner with the resort brand because Chinese consumers identify with, trust and understand the brand. Having the Da Dong menu in the restaurant is an important business strategy to attract Chinese visitors to JA resorts, and to encourage higher spending. Anthony Ross, CEO of JA Resorts and Hotels, said the group's Manafaru resort hosted over 5,000 holiday goers from China in the past year, accounting for about 50 percent of total guests. The collaboration with Da Dong showed the group's determination to raise its service to the next level, he added. This is not the first time Da Dong has operated abroad. In 2017, the brand opened its first restaurant in New York. The Da Dong menu can also be found on cruises in destinations including the Caribbean and Japan. Dong admitted it can be hard for Chinese restaurants to establish a presence abroad, due to \"cultural differences\". The influence of real Chinese food abroad is still relatively small, he noted. After the restaurant opened in New York, home to some of the world's most discerning and hard-to-please taste buds, Da Dong has had a tough time impressing the local critics. \"After the New York restaurant, we have been thinking why we did it? Because we wanted to expand in the overseas market\u00a3\u00adbut how?\" said Dong. \"The one in New York is more of an artisan bistro, a new concept, but it is hardly making any profit.\" He said improving local management and finding suitable local ingredients have posed great challenges. Despite Da Dong's global ambitions, 2018 was a tough year for its culinary business domestically. Dong said, \"It was a cruel year and the situation is severe.\" According to a report by culinary consultancy Chonghowe Creativity Co Ltd, 10 percent of restaurants in Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou and Shenzhen in Guangdong province, closed their doors every month in the past year. Nationwide, only 20 percent of restaurants have proved profitable, it found. \"There is no efficient solution to that,\" Dong said. \"You can't stop the trend, but whether it's a heated market or a slow one, for a restaurant you should always focus on the price-performance ratio.\" While proud of the brand's traditional heritage, Dong said he has not ruled out the possibility of introducing cutting-edge technologies and modern management models to the company's sub-brands to make it more efficient and budget-friendly for younger consumers. Meanwhile, the core values of its high-end bistro will always remain its service and craftsmanship, Dong said.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "The Chicago Symphony Orchestra is touring Asia from Jan 19 to Feb 4, featuring a diverse set of works, including symphonies of Brahms and Tchaikovsky and Rimsky-Korsakov's orchestral showpiece Sheherazade, as well as Verdi's Requiem. With stops in five Asian cities, the orchestra plays at the Oriental Arts Center in Shanghai on Jan 22 and 23, and at the National Centre for the Performing Arts in Beijing on Jan 25 and 26. According to Italian conductor, Riccardo Muti, who became the music director of the Chicago Symphony Orchestra in 2010, the orchestra's touring history in Asia dating back to 1977. It first performed in Hong Kong in 1986 and made its debut in Shanghai and Beijing in 2009. \"I was very impressed with the enthusiasm for classical music among the audiences in China. And it was clear to me that classical music and culture are important to today's audiences in China,\" says the conductor, who first performed with the Chicago Symphony Orchestra in China in 2016. Asked about the music programs, he says that they \"bring all the amazing colors of the Orchestra and its instruments into one piece that is filled with great imagination\".,And he adds that the 128-year-old orchestra is made up of more than 100 musicians from all over the world, including 15 from from China, who contribute a great force to the orchestra. Among the Chinese musicians is Shanghai-born musician Chang Li-Kuo, who has been the assistant principal viola of the orchestra since 1988, appointed by Sir Georg Solti, a long-serving music director of the orchestra from 1969 to 1991. > Introduced to music by his pianist mother, Chang studied violin and piano at the affiliated middle school of Shanghai Conservatory. One of the first Chinese students to study classical music in the United States, Chang came to the US with a full scholarship at the Eastman School of Music and a young artist fellow at the Music Academy of the West in 1979. Speaking of how he joined the orchestra, Chang says: \"I can still recall how nervous I was when I did the audition of applying to the Chicago Symphony Orchestra more than 30 years ago. Back then, few Chinese musicians played in the US,\" recalls Chang. \"I won the audition in 1988, but before that I had applied three times. The first two times I gave up because I was so nervous.\" Chang adds that he is proud that Chinese musicians are playing an important role in many world class orchestras. \"They have to work much harder to get recognition because classical music is a foreign culture to the Chinese,\" he says. \"It is like an American who goes to China to study Peking Opera and tries to compete with all the Chinese performers.\"", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Chaoyang district in eastern Beijing, where almost all the embassies are located, is taking measures to strengthen communications with embassies and international organizations to promote the further opening-up of its service sector, according to officials. Chaoyang district hosted a promotional event at Beijing\u00a1\u00afs iconic Olympic Tower to introduce its continuously optimized business environment, industrial development potential and upgrade plans to representatives from 15 embassies, including the British Embassy Beijing and the Embassy of Japan in China, five international organizations and some companies on Wednesday. Wang Hao, Party chief of Chaoyang district, shared the district\u00a1\u00afs internationalization plan with all participants. \u00a1\u00b0We are working on a three-year action plan and will put in place some supportive policies to promote internationalization in regions such as Sanlitun, Wangjing, Maizidian and the area around the embassies,\u00a1\u00b1 Wang said. Wang Xining, a member of the standing committee of the CPC Beijing, said Chaoyang district will adopt a new industrial development mode, ease market access, and carry out pilot projects in fields such as finance, science and technology, business and cultural creation to support its service sector development in upcoming years. Chen Qinghua, director of Chaoyang district\u00a1\u00afs commission of commerce, said the initiative will help attract more foreign companies to Chaoyang district and establish a service platform for businesses in the district to seek opportunities in foreign markets. The events also will promote mutual understanding between Chaoyang district and other parts of the world. \u00a1\u00b0I am glad to hear Chaoyang district is fostering one of the best service sectors and planning to do more in the future. The UK has world-class expertise in a number of areas including law, accounting, financial services, advertising, architecture and insurance,\u00a1\u00b1 said Nicola Lu, head of Capital Investment at the British Embassy in Beijing. Lu said that the UK is looking forward to having more communication and collaboration with China\u00a1\u00afs industry. Dong Bin, chairman of the Sino-European Entrepreneurs Summit Committee, said that Chaoyang district will play a more significant role in supporting regional development. \u00a1\u00b0As I have been working and living in Chaoyang for more than 20 years, my own observation about this area is that it is more open, inclusive, safe, international, energetic and is an inspiration,\u00a1\u00b1 Dong said. Robert Sterling Quant, ambassador from the Bahamas to China, also shared areas where China and Bahamas can collaborate in upcoming years. Chaoyang district has been committed to developing a long-term effective communications mechanism to strengthen ties with embassies and international organizations. The event on Wednesday marked the debut of the mechanism. Officials also said that more similar events will be organized this year. For instance, Chaoyang district will organize two communications events this year, which will target G20 member countries and countries taking part in the Belt and Road Initiative. It also will host matchmaking events to better connect Chinese companies with businesses from countries such as the UK, US and Australia. The district also will leverage its iconic landmarks \u00a8C such as the Prince Shun Cheng Mansion and the Bird\u00a1\u00af Nest stadium \u00a8C to promote international exchanges, according to officials. Consultancy service provider PwC said in a report released on Nov 6 that Chaoyang district is home to nearly 10,000 foreign companies and to date had attracted more than $60 billion in foreign investment to the region. The report said that Chaoyang district has 122 regional headquarters established by multinational companies, accounting for 70 percent of Beijing\u00a1\u00afs total. The region also is home to 71 Global Fortune 500-listed companies. There were 327 foreign financial firms in the region in 2018. ", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "The children are ages 2 to 14, and their classroom always smells of disinfectant. They all wear masks. Few have hair, but those who do have just a few thin strands. They all have leukemia. Every year, about 15,000 children in China are diagnosed with leukemia, a form of cancer caused by overproduction of damaged white blood cells. Most are ages 2 to 7, and their treatment usually lasts two to three years. In addition to enduring the pain of bone marrow treatments and chemotherapy, their immune systems are impaired, leaving the children at risk of infection, so they have to say goodbye to a normal life. The disease confines them to hospital wards or home, isolating them from the outside world. At Peking University First Hospital in downtown Beijing, 80 percent of the child patients with leukemia come from other parts of China. To help them continue their studies, the Beijing New Sunshine Charity Foundation has cooperated with the hospital to run a free school since 2012. The classroom, a public space in a corridor, welcomes children of all ages. Generally, a full-time teacher and student volunteers give two classes every week, each lasting 90 minutes. Courses at the \"corridor classroom\" include Chinese, math, English, arts, health and science. The idea was inspired by Zuo Yan from Anhui province. When the then-8-year-old was diagnosed with aplastic anemia a decade ago, the foundation sponsored his treatment in Beijing. Volunteers found a picture he had drawn of his school days that carried the caption, \"I miss school.\" That set the idea in motion.,\"I realized these children were very eager to keep learning,\" said Liu Zhengchen, who was diagnosed with leukemia when he was a university student. In 2001, he founded the foundation to help children with the disease. However, Liu and his team have discovered that it can be difficult to teach the children. Some close themselves off from other people and rarely speak. Others are restless and uncooperative, and they are always crying. Understandably, most parents are indulgent with their children. \"I don't know how long his life will last. I'll try my best to make him happy,\" said one father. However, instead of pandering excessively to the children, Liu insists that the teachers treat them like regular students. If children have behavioral problems in class, he guides them to rectify the situation immediately. \"After they recover, they will eventually go back to school and their communities. Then, nobody will care about the doctors in the way their parents and doctors do now,\" Liu said. \"We want to help them fight the disease, but we also expect them to have the ability to deal with normal life.\",Yu Maoyuan comes from Guizhou province in Southwest China. The 4-year-old was diagnosed with leukemia two months ago and was referred to doctors in Beijing \"for better treatment\". On March 18, she attended the class for the first time. The lesson showed how to make a \"telephone\" with string and two paper cups. Teacher Liu Weixiong used the simple experiment to explain the movement of sound waves to the children. At first, Yu was timid. She lowered her head and leaned on her mother. She did not say anything, but followed the teachers' instructions. \"She didn't want to go, so I took her to the class,\" said Yu's mother, who was encouraged by the student volunteers. \"My daughter hasn't gone to kindergarten for a long time.\" The illness has changed Yu. The course of chemotherapy killed off her cancer cells but weakened her. Her mother said Yu was once an active girl, who loved singing and dancing, but now she is quiet. \"She seems upset, but doesn't want to tell us,\" she said. Yu completed the paper cup telephone in 30 minutes. When she was asked to test it, she raised the cup and said, \"Mom, I love you.\" Everybody cheered. Yu laughed and repeated the phrase, but louder. Her mother, on the verge of tears, said it was the happiest day she had known since Yu first went to the hospital. In the ward, happy times are brief, and pain can strike at any time.,Sun Peirui drew a picture of a golden lion which was pinned on the wall. However, he stopped coming to class when he became too weak as a result of undergoing a new course of chemotherapy. The 10-year-old's parents abandoned him after they divorced, so he was taken in by a welfare home. Last year, the home sent Peirui to Beijing from his hometown in Shandong province for treatment. He has frequent nosebleeds that can last as long as an hour and his mouth is covered in sores, which makes it difficult for him to eat. \"He misses the class very much and has asked me when he can return,\" said care worker Bu Xiurong, 62. Although many college students have offered their services as teachers, they have no concept of parenting skills. Lyu Wanxin, a volunteer sophomore student, tried to help a boy who cried at having to wear a face mask, but failed to pacify him. \"The job demands more than I ever imagined,\" Lyu said. The doctors and nurses are unable to ease the mental stress of their patients.,Liu Weixiong, who used to care for children with mental issues in Malaysia and Singapore, is keen for people of all ages and from all walks of life to join the program, because the classroom is about companionship as much as study. \"We welcome seniors, who can share their stories and experience. They are needed to help the children grow.\" So far, the Beijing New Sunshine Charity Foundation has opened 26 ward classes in and around hospitals in 13 provinces. More than 5,000 children have attended them. However, the classes only have 17 full-time or part-time teachers, such as Liu Weixiong. The students aren't all leukemia patients, though, as some have other forms of cancer, and kidney diseases. All require long-term treatment. Liu Zhengchen plans to expand the faculty and provide more courses for children of different ages. \"I hope we can help more children with serious illnesses to maintain their studies and social adaptability so they can return to living normal lives as soon as possible,\" he said.", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "Wanderlust-driven Chinese tourists have taken a shine to Eastern European countries like the Czech Republic, Hungary and Poland, and are heading there for the April 29-May 1 May Day holiday. Many of them are adding their annual leave to the holiday for an extended overseas vacation. According to Beijing Utour International Travel Service Co, a major outbound travel operator in China, the number of groups going to Eastern European destinations this holiday is expected to be around 60, four times that of last year. Typically, each group comprises 200 tourists on average. The surge is in line with a recent trend. Even last year's figure was 300 percent that of 2015. \"This year we hope the Eastern European business will grow more than 200 percent,\" said Chen Binchao, product manager at Utour. \"Chinese travelers who have been to Western Europe two or three times already are trying to explore something new. With a naturally romantic air, Eastern European countries are most appealing in the seasons of spring and autumn,\" she said. Chen said their travel packages are priced between 10,000 yuan ($1,452) and 30,000 yuan. A typical trip lasts about 10 days. According to LY.com, a Suzhou-based online travel agency, nearly 20 percent of prospective travelers said in a survey that they plan to travel overseas during the extended May Day holiday. LY.com's survey report suggests that more than 60 percent of travelers plan in such a way that their overseas trips last between six and 10 days. About 24 percent stay more than 10 days overseas, and about 15 percent choose a shorter trip that may last up to six days. Those who cannot afford a trip to Eastern Europe or prefer to travel in Asia are choosing islands, including those in Thailand. For example, Phuket in Thailand is the top destination for Chinese people travel independently, followed by China's Hong Kong, Singapore, Japan and the Maldives. Coastal and inland Asian cities such as Osaka, Chiangmai, Okinawa and Sabah are also popular. An increasing number of young Chinese travelers are keen to experience Universal parks in Japan and Singapore. Children prefer to visit Disney Parks in Tokyo and the night zoo in Singapore, where adult travelers like to visit Gardens By the Bay. Ctrip statistics show outbound Chinese travelers prefer to stay in highly rated hotels, with about 71 percent staying in four- or five-star hotels and 22 percent in three-star hotels. Nearly half of the surveyed by LY.com hoped to travel long distance within China, with about 20 percent eyeing places nearby, in second- and third-tier cities. According to Ctrip, one- or two-day trips to neighborhood tourist attractions are most popular during the three-day holiday. More than half of those surveyed said they will travel for sure; and about 40 percent settled for such short trips. Sanya, Xiamen, Guilin and Beijing are primary destinations for domestic tourists. Independent travelers going to Guangzhou have increased more than 300 percent and those to Beijing have gone up 162 percent, according to Ctrip.com. The number of tourists going to Sanya, Xi'an and Hangzhou has doubled from that of last year's May Day holiday. Tourist sites around Hangzhou, Chengdu, Suzhou, Qingdao, Xiamen and Zhuhai are among travelers' favorite destinations for the May Day holiday. Accordingly, hotel reservations for the April 28-May 2 period have surged in second- and third-tier cities. \"They have created huge demand, a new record for two years,\" Ctrip said in a note. The number of tourists to Qingdao city, Shandong province, East China, has grown the fastest, with reservations up 1.77 times that of the same period last year. This means, the number of visitors to Qingdao will likely grow between 2.5 and 3 times this holday, Ctrip said in its report. For the Pearl River Delta area, the Shanghai Disney Resort has become one of the most popular destinations, followed closely by the Palace Museum in Beijing, and Guangzhou Chimelong Tourist Resort, according to a report released by Ctrip. Theme parks have seen a surge in advance bookings. More than half of those scheduled to visit the Shanghai Disney Resort this holiday would do so with family members. Of them, about 15 percent will travel with two children. Those aged between 26 and 35 form the majority of those visiting theme parks. Local parks complete with tourist boats and exhibitions have also seen a holiday-related rise in advance bookings in recent times. For instance, ticket sales at the Gucun Park in Shanghai rose more than 650 percent during the Tomb Sweeping Festival in April. Natural wonders such as the Yellow Mountain, Wuyi Mountain and Putuo Mountain are among the preferred destinations. Among historical sites, Wuzhen and Xi'an (of terracotta warriors fame) are top attractions for tourists aged between 36 and 45.,     ", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Kumar Khadka is the center of attention on a tour of some of the ancient Silk Road sites in late August. His thick curly hair and beard set the 28-year-old from Nepal apart from his peers from countries like Kazakhstan, Laos and Vietnam, as well as members of a think tank from Peking University. All of them joined the trip, a part of the ancient Silk Road tour initiated by the Chinese People's Association for Friendship with Foreign Countries, which aims to promote trade and cultural exchanges. The tour kicked off in Beijing in late August and will end on Sept 29, after covering significant sites in seven countries\u00a3\u00adChina, Kazakhstan, Uzbekistan, Poland, the Czech Republic, France and the Netherlands. \"People tease me and say that I look a lot like Karl Marx,\" says Khadka, who enjoyed the distinctive elements of Chinese culture during the six-day road trip from Beijing to Dunhuang, in the northwestern Gansu province. He enjoyed listening to the horse-head fiddle, and admired the hide carvings and ethnic dancing during his stay in Ordos, Inner Mongolia autonomous region. \"I'd heard of Inner Mongolia before, but it's amazing to experience the culture there,\" he says. \"The hide carving was exquisite and dancing with local Mongolians was great fun,\" says Khadka, who is currently studying Chinese philosophy in Beijing. The Mogao Grottoes in Gansu province, the art performance and the lecture on the ancient history of Dunhuang also impressed him. \"The tour helped me discover more about China,\" says Khadka. \"Earlier, I thought Inner Mongolia was all desert and yurts, but there are so many green spaces and modern buildings there.\" Curiosity about China planted the desire in him to learn Mandarin back in 2010. \"Many Nepalese didn't know China so well back then, and I was intrigued by this big neighbor when I saw it on the map,\" says Khadka. He developed a working knowledge of Chinese after spending three years studying it at the Tribhuvan University in Kirtipur, Kathmandu, the capital of Nepal. And then, an opportunity to study Mandarin in China came his way. He applied for a two-year master's program of teaching Chinese to speakers of other languages at the Beijing Language and Culture University via the Confucius Institute, and was accepted in 2013 with a full scholarship. \"This was the only way for me to fully learn Chinese history and culture,\" he says. \"Then I can maybe go back and teach what I've learned to people at home.\" The language program helped him master Chinese after he completed it in June 2015. Khadka, who has passed the HSK 6\u00a3\u00adthe highest level Chinese language test designed for non-native speakers\u00a3\u00adnow speaks Mandarin fluently. After finishing the master's program, he decided to take a break and use his language skills to experience Chinese culture. So, Khadka chose to spend some time in the Xishuangbanna Dai autonomous prefecture of southwestern Yunnan province.,There, he stayed with tea-growing farmers and experienced every part of tea production, from picking and processing, to storage, all of which were interesting in Khadka's eyes. The traditional tea drinking ritual also impressed him. \"To me, drinking tea is a way of enjoying life,\" he says. Later, to better understand Chinese thinking and culture, he applied to study Chinese philosophy at Beijing Normal University in September 2016. \"I believe philosophy can give me an insight into Chinese thinking and how China became what it is today,\" Khadka says. Khadka is one of the many Nepalese students who have benefited from the increasingly frequent exchanges between China and Nepal. More than 6,400 Nepalese students have studied in China as of 2017. And Khadka alone knows 60 to 70 of his compatriots learning Mandarin in China at the moment. \"There are even more of us doing medicine and engineering in Beijing,\" he says. Khadka, the vice-chairman of the Beijing-based Nepal Chinese Language Teachers Association, which aims to boost bilateral exchanges, says the association has arranged for Nepalese students to study in China and for Chinese learning institutes to host academic events in Nepal. Separately, the association will host an Asian natural philosophy meeting in Lunbini, Nepal, in November, in conjunction with a university in Lunbini and Beijing Normal University. \"We want to help Nepalese better understand opportunities in China, and the Chinese faculty to understand Nepal's academic environment and resources,\" he says.", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "BEIJING - Beijing on Saturday held a trial opening of the site for the upcoming 2019 Beijing International Horticultural Exhibition to test the reception capacity of the event. About 30,000 people, mainly local residents in Yanqing district in Beijing's northern suburb, which hosts the event, became the first group of visitors to the 503-hectare expo site at the foot of a section of the Great Wall. Slated to kick off on April 29, the 162-day expo is poised to impress an estimated 16 million visitors from home and abroad with a huge collection of plants, flowers and eye-catching pavilions as well as ideas for green development. More than 110 countries and international organizations, as well as over 120 non-official exhibitors, have confirmed participation, which will make it the highest attendance in the expo's history. According to the organizer, the exhibition's service group had 4,000 staff on duty Saturday to provide operation management, reception, and tourist and security services. All 78 entrances to the exhibition were opened with 30 electric vehicles shuttling guests to and from the parking lot. Visitors enjoyed food and beverages and shopping of small commodities in the park. Tim Briercliffe, secretary general of the International Association of Horticultural Producers, was among the visitors. He was briefed on the city's preparations for the expo. Briercliffe believed the event's preparation work has gone well and that Beijing will do a remarkable job in presenting this expo to the world.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "BEIJING - Wang Xin is 33 years old. He is a landscape designer by profession and farmer in practice. The strawberries growing in his organic plantation on the southern outskirts of Beijing are believed among his clients to be \"the best in China\". Every day in the megacity of Beijing, when people his age are rushing among jammed commuter traffic, endless meetings and Power-Point slides like hamsters on a wheel, Wang lives a life in the countryside, far away from the urban crowd. He rises with the sun, works all day in the field or goes to the farmers' market to sell his fresh produce from the land that he has been working on, and by the end of the day, goes to bed as the night falls, with sore muscles and a heart that's content. \"I have hardly given it thought,\" he said when asked by a Xinhua News Agency reporter whether it was hard work. \"It has become a lifestyle. This is the life I choose to live.\" Like Wang, in this country where people see food as a heavenly essence, many urbanites, mostly with a higher educational background and white-collar work experience, have chosen to return to the countryside, to dedicate their mind and strength to the pursuit of the freshest flavors and healthier nature. Every Tuesday, Saturday and Sunday, Wang Xin brings strawberries freshly picked the night before to Beijing's organic farmers' market. These fruits have grown naturally in nutrient-rich soil, without any use of fertilizers, pesticides, growth hormones or chemicals of any sort. \"I don't plan to be filthy rich, or I wouldn't have gone for organic farming,\" Wang said, laughing. He is a man of medium build, athletic, with a healthy tan. It is hard to relate him to a designer who used to spend days and nights in front of a computer screen. Having majored in landscape botany, Wang has always been a plant lover. At the age of 25, when he realized that he had been developing an office belly and his nine-to-five lifestyle had become a passionless routine, he quit his job, rented two plantation sheds in a suburb of the city, and rebooted his career as a farmer. Last week, Wang was able to present this winter's first batch of ripe fruits that he planted in September. The work had begun in July, when he prepared a mix of all-natural organic matter to enrich the soil. The formula has been perfected through years of research and experiments in collaboration with Beijing University of Agriculture, to simulate the formation of the fertile dark forest soil in Northeast China, known for its high crop productivity. Logically, the true foundation of organic farming lies in the soil content. If the soil is good, the outcome is safe and tasty without the need for any fertilizing chemicals, Wang pointed out. But quality produce is not the only objective. Wang hopes to build a production model that also rehabilitates the soil itself. In regular plantations, the soil usually would result in degradation within a matter of years after being overexploited. Wang's transition to the farm has not always been a smooth ride. But after a rough start, which he considers a valuable lesson learnt, he has gone back to the university and visited his colleagues in Tochigi Prefecture, Japan - known as the homeland of the Tochiotome strawberry variety - to study the most avant-garde technologies in the organic farming world. \"For organic farming to become truly sustainable, revitalizing the soil is key,\" concluded the nicknamed \"research peasant.\" \"I am certain that in three to four years, the soil that I have been reviving will keep getting healthier and healthier,\" he said. Wang is not alone. In Alshaa, a semiarid region located in the northwestern Inner Mongolia autonomous region, Ma Yanwei, a master of science in ecology from Beijing Normal University, has spent years reinvigorating the salinized soils by applying water-saving methods to cultivate fruits and crops that are suitable for the local conditions. Sweet melon, for example, has become a best-selling produce of his farm Zhiliangtian. The smallholding was named in tribute to Zhi Liangzhi, the name for Chinese philosopher Wang Yangming's (1472-1529) belief in the innate conscience being the guiding principle of people's actions and their understanding of the outside world. Ma aims to find the ideal organic farming methodology to both maximize the utilization rate of the scarce local water resources and to revive the soil. \"As long as the soil improves, it is only natural to harvest healthy produce,\" Ma told a Xinhua reporter. In the last five to six years, Ma has seen more and more young people returning to the countryside to take on farming. In 2017, he set up a network for these \"new peasants\" to communicate, exchange their experiences and help each other, \"so we can avoid long detours and mistakes previously made by others,\" he said. \"If everyone does a good job, the land will only better recover,\" he said, when asked if his approach simply creates more competitors.,For 18 years, Zhang Zhimin, a former foreign trade expert with a State-owned group, has since been building an idyllic Eden in the far southwestern end of Beijing to produce foods and preserve biodiversity at the same time. Fluent in English, French and Spanish, Zhang worked in food imports and exports around the time when China opened its market to the world outside. She said she believes that \"agriculture is an art of humanity and nature working together.\" At her bio-farm, nature rules over humanity's caprice. Instead of eliminating weeds and pests, the wholesome biosphere works by itself to produce seasonal harvests. \"Agriculture is the management of life, and life should be nourished by life itself,\" she said. It is the philosophy of her farm, called Heaven's Blessings, where trees, bushes and grass grow into inseparable woods, and insects, birds and cattle coexist in harmony. It's more like a habitat than a farm. Nature by itself is resistant to a variety of threats that can harm crops, she explained. In the face of pests, pollution and climate change, biodiversity makes the most effective defense. For example, a certain type of weed can produce a substance that fends off pests that are potentially harmful to crops. Earthworms, a populous resident at the farm, help to digest and transform fallen leaves into organic matter that fertilizes the plants, as well as to loosen the soil. \"Humanity's only job is to observe, comprehend and follow nature's rules to manage our lives,\" Zhang said. She explained that in early summer, she chops off the tender leaves and branches of the weed under the peach trees to feed the cattle, making room for the crops to thrive. In early autumn she lets the cows roam free to finish off the rest of the weeds. Similar results have been observed in Wang's other vegetable shed, where its natural ecosystem has worked out perfectly for the harvest to be healthy while no intervention from the outside is necessary, he said. \"I have observed that the grass that grows among the crops functions as a regulating factor of the microclimate by keeping the soil humid,\" he said. Then there are the whiteflies, hard to detect due to their miniscule size, they are usually controlled by insecticide. Here, the pest is kept in check by a native breed of spider that nests among the vegetables. \"Perhaps the wisdom based on thousands of years of working in harmony with nature could be the answer to the problems born in mass-scale modern agriculture,\" he suggested. Over 200 small farmers and scholars attended a Farmers' Assembly held in China Agricultural University's College of Humanities and Development. Participants came from all across the country, with the majority being highly educated with stable finances, who have returned to rural areas from city life, according to the organizers of the event - Beijing Organic Farmers' Market and Know Your Food, a self-publishing community focused on food sustainability. Beijing Organic Farmers' Market is a local platform for individuals or small-sized collectives who adhere to the principle of organic, eco-friendly and sustainable farming, food processing and art crafting. Since its launch in September 2010, it has become a regular event in the capital city and has taken place on more than 500 occasions. \"The Farmers' Market hopes to consolidate the mutual confidence between the small-holder peasants and consumers by establishing a participation guarantee system,\" said Chang Tianle, founder of the platform and also founding editor of Know Your Food. Through the system, the farmers, artisan bakers, jewelers and other craftspeople who wish to have a booth at the fair must respect and commit to the established criteria of organic production, under the inspection and approval of the market administrators and a committee of existing members, scholars and related NGOs. For the small-holder peasants and artisans, the Participation Guarantee System works where a third-party certification would be too heavy a burden to afford, while the consumers can rest assured of the organic nature of the products they purchase at the fair, said Chang. \"Going grocery shopping at the farmers' market, cooking at home and eating well, is a lifestyle of growing popularity,\" she said. \"Organic or ecological farming is an important measure to improve the quality and safety of agricultural products,\" said Meng Fanqiao, professor at CAU's College of Resources and Environmental Sciences. \"Organic or ecological farming is of vital significance for economic development as well as environmental protection in rural areas, for which it should play an imperative role in China's rural revitalization and the building of an ecological civilization,\" he noted. The green development of the countryside is a strategy that goes hand-in-hand with food supply security and income level improvement, said Jin Shuqin with the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs' Research Center for Rural Economy. \"Revivifying the ecosystem is a crucial aspect of overall rural revitalization,\" he said at the Peasants Assembly. \"It is our hope to promote healthy eating to become the mainstream choice, as well as the organic way to produce healthy foods,\" said Ma Xiaochao, project officer with Know Your Food. \"In the future, a healthy food-centered community will be built together by our small peasant friends, consumers, trade platforms, environmental NGOs and R & D institutes,\" she predicted. Xinhua", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Beijing firmly objects to any form of official or military contacts between the United States and Taiwan, an official said on Wednesday, after a US Navy research vessel docked at Kaohsiung in southern Taiwan on Monday. \"Our position is consistent and clear, as always,\" Ma Xiaoguang, spokesman for the Taiwan Affairs Office of the State Council, said at a regular news conference in Beijing. The Taiwan question concerns China's sovereignty and territorial integrity as well as the country's core interests, he said. \"We urge relevant parties to exercise caution so as not to cause damage to the peace and stability across the Straits.\" The island's \"military authority\" said on Tuesday that the vessel, the Thomas G. Thompson, is not engaged in military activities and is visiting Taiwan for joint scientific research with Taiwan University. It is the fourth time this year the ship docked at Kaohsiung Port, during which time it loaded up on supplies and made crew changes. The ship sets sail for Australia on Thursday, it said. The vessel belongs to the Office of Naval Research, and it can be used to conduct oceanic surveys for the US Navy. The ship is operated and maintained by the University of Washington, the island's media reported. In late September, the US State Department approved the sale of spare parts worth $330 million to Taiwan for F-16 fighters, C-130 cargo planes and other aircraft. Beijing has strongly protested the sale and urged Washington to immediately withdraw the deal and cease military contacts with Taiwan to avoid more damage to Sino-US relations and stability across the Straits. \"The arms sales to Taiwan have seriously violated the one-China principle, interfered with the country's domestic affairs and harmed Chinese sovereignty and security interests, as well as Sino-US relations,\" the Ministry of National Defense said in a statement on Sept 25. \"Those who rely on foreigners to build themselves up and undermine the peace and stability across the Taiwan Straits will certainly pay a price for their deeds,\" An Fengshan, another spokesman for the Taiwan Affairs Office, said earlier.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Premier Li Keqiang has pledged to make doing business in China more inviting by facilitating overseas investment and widening market access to the world's second-largest economy. Li spoke on Wednesday when meeting a group of multinational corporate leaders \u00a1\u00aa including the CEOs of Goldman Sachs, Schneider Electric and Phillips Corp \u00a1\u00aa attending the fifth Global CEO Council roundtable summit in Beijing. He said China, with its huge market potential, wealth of talent and growing industrial strength, will not only benefit multinational companies' investments but also create opportunities for joint exploration of third-party markets and multilateral cooperation. China will also work to better protect intellectual property rights and further promote the use of negative lists for a more convenient and equitable policy environment for overseas investors, the premier stressed. Negative lists specify areas where investment is prohibited \u00a1\u00aa all other areas are presumed to be open. Reform of supervision, facilitation of trade, innovation capacity and widening market access for overseas investors were among key topics during the one-hour conversation between Li and business leaders. Li said China is determined to promote economic globalization, free trade and investment, as these form an environment in which fair competition and innovation is nurtured. China will not retreat in its opening-up, and is resolved to open its door wider to the global market, he said, ?adding that Beijing is ready to work hand-in-hand with others to promote multilateralism and improve global governance. Issues raised by the 20 or so business leaders during the conversation included widening market access, promoting innovation and improving the business environment. In response, Li said hurdles for foreign investment access will be further eliminated. The government has rolled out measures to promote compliant market regulation, he said. He encouraged business leaders to seize opportunities to grow their businesses in step with China's economic development. Andrew Liveris, CEO of the US-based Dow Chemical Co, agreed with Li's position on globalization, saying it is \"like gravity\" and unstoppable. Liveris said Dow is ready to work with countries like China, which is \"open for business and care about competitiveness as well as humanity\". Steven Mollenkopf, CEO of Qualcomm, also based in the United States, said Qualcomm is looking forward to seeing an environment in China with more streamlined regulation and facilitation of investment, adding that the company is ready to work with China to develop new energy vehicles and technical innovation. By October 2016, reforms meant that about 95 percent of items that required approvals in China had been replaced by registration. An annual report issued on Wednesday by the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development said the US, China and India have the best prospects for foreign direct investment.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Beijing's subway has for the first time introduced carriages of different temperatures on the same train, said Beijing Subway on Thursday. The subway's line six has since June 17 begun to introduce different temperatures throughout its trains.On line six's trains, the first 16 carriages are cold while the last 16 carts are warm, the subway company said, adding that the average temperature in the colder carts is around 25 C. Passengers can now choose carriages based on their favored temperature, and 34 subway stations along line six now send out temperature reminders for passengers.,Connecting the city's sub center in Tongzhou district and Shijingshan district in the west, line six is a major public transport line crossing Beijing from east to west. Line seven, which runs from Beijing West Railway Station in Fengtai district to Chaoyang district, is expected to become the next subway line to offer different temperatures in different carriages on its trains.", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "Two months from summer vacation, parents are already making plans for their children. Dozens of parents and children guests have since April been visiting Beijing brick-and-mortar shops owned by domestic online travel agency Ctrip, the agency reports. \"The online views of our summer vacation study tour products have increased by 120 percent in April compared with the previous month,\" said Zhang Jie, Ctrip's study tour general manager. Zhang expects the number of young study travelers to grow by more than 50 percent compared with last year. The US, the UK, Austria, Japan and Canada are among the most popular foreign destinations for study tours. Beijing, northwestern Gansu province's Dunhuang, Shanghai, western Shaanxi province's Xi'an and eastern Jiangsu province's Nanjing topped the domestic destination list. Wang Chunxia has arranged study tours for her son since 2015. \"We've been to deserts, grasslands, and (sections of) the Silk Road over the years,\" Wang said. Wang has booked a two-week trip to Australia and a two-week trip to the US in August for her son, who is in the fifth grade. \"He will be sitting in on local classes and studying with local children there,\" Wang said. Although the trips will cost her roughly 70,000 yuan, Wang said it's money well spent. \"He will learn things while having fun in those foreign lands, which will open his eyes and enable him to make new friends,\" she says. Wang said her son now better understands different cultures and is more confident. \"I will keep sending him on these trips to see more places and know their culture and history,\" Wang said.", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "  An ongoing exhibition at Beijing's Prince Gong's Mansion celebrates the age-old art of carving on fruit pits, which has evolved into different styles in northern and southern China. It now shows through Sept 18 some 72 works created by artisans in Suzhou, Jiangsu province on olive stones. The earliest pieces date to the Qing Dynasty (1644-1911).  From Sept 23 to Oct 23, they will be replaced by dozens of works showing the techniques of artisans from Weifang, Shandong province, who're sculpting mainly on peach pits and sometimes on apricot pits. Shown objects feature popular themes including figures, animals of Chinese zodiacs, flowers and landscapes.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "      Police and demolition workers descended on a spot in Beijing known for its bars, restaurants and boutique stores on Tuesday, as the city continues its crackdown on illegal structures.  Urban management crews arrived in the morning along Fangjia Hutong, close to the Lama Temple in central Beijing, and began to brick up the door and windows of buildings earmarked for closure.  Notices placed at each end of the alley stated that the action was aimed at eliminating hidden dangers, improving residential quality and promoting the capital's image.  \"We received the announcement earlier, and the business owners nearby all knew what was going to happen, but we still can't decide who to talk with about this,\" said Li Qian, the owner of Ramo, a Western-style restaurant.  She said she rented the building three years ago. The original door in the rear, became the door to the kitchen after renovations.  According to the city, properties along the alley should conform with property ownership certificates.  Jiang Shuo, 28, who has run a tiny clothes store in Fangjia Hutong for seven years, was resigned to closing her business on Tuesday.  \"I have all the operating licenses and tax registration permits, but when the rule came out about the property certificates I had no option but to comply,\" she said, explaining that she had moved the original door because of the tight space.  An official at the Andingmen subdistrict office of the Dongcheng district government said the main reason for the action was to \"recover the original appearance of the  which is an integral part of the capital's traditional culture\".  The alley is the latest in a series of high-profile locations that have seen demolitions in recent weeks, following Sanlitun, Baochao Hutong and Dongsi. The work is part of a yearlong campaign to remove illegal buildings.  According to data from the Beijing Municipal Development and Reform Commission, more than 40 percent of the work has been completed.  The authorities say owners of ground-level homes across the city have knocked down walls and made other illegal alterations to be able to rent space to businesses. This, they say, has created safety risks and crowding in some areas.  The city allocated 10 billion yuan ($1.45 billion) for the campaign, which experts said will include reorganizing and upgrading residential retail businesses, Beijing Business Today reported.  Jiang Chenglong and Xin Wen contributed to the story.   ", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Major facilities of the new international airport in Beijing are 80 percent complete, with the airport to be put into use before Sept 30, local authorities said on Saturday. Gao Aiping, deputy general manager of the Beijing Daxing International Airport engineering department, said the airport is built on eight pillars with 63,450 circular steel tubes, which support the roof of the terminals. Many bubble windows are scattered throughout the C-shaped pillars to make better use of natural lighting. \"We assembled some aluminum-made glass to conserve energy,\" he said, adding that glass with aluminum netting can reflect 70 percent of the sunlight. Moreover, the strength of the glass on the airport's rooftop adds more protection to the entire terminal building. \"The glass has three layers, and each layer of the glass is 12 centimeters thick with tempered glass on the top layer,\" Gao said. So far, the ground granite stone paving for the new airport has been 80 percent completed, with the ceiling project 95 percent finished, according to the engineering department. The air conditioners, water pumps and firefighting equipment had been going through the adjusting process, Gao said. In March, after Spring Festival, the engineering department will conduct a joint adjustment activity on the entire airport infrastructure. The central area of the new airport terminal covers a total of 180,000 square meters, with the ceiling of the entire terminal building measuring 300,000 square meters, exceeding the area of 400 football fields. Check out the video to see the latest construction work on the Beijing Daxing International Airport.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Bollywood megastar Shah Rukh Khan, who is on his first visit to China to attend the ongoing Beijing International Film Festival, thinks cinema brings people together. In an interview with China Daily at a downtown hotel on Friday, Khan, 53, said he was pleasantly surprised by the warmth he has received in the country. \"From the outside you always have an impression about a place or space that you haven't been to, that this is how it will be, in spite of hearing that our films are being liked,\" he said, \"it's quite a revelation that people are so warm.\" He said he noticed some young Chinese people at a coffee shop during a stopover while being driven around the city, and \"they felt like youngsters back home (in India)\".,Khan's fantasy film Zero, which is about the life of a short man, will be the closing movie at this year's Beijing festival on Saturday. In the past few years, some Hindi films have resonated more with Chinese audiences, making Bollywood a visible aspect of Sino-Indian relations. \"There are political relationships between nations and then there are people-to-people relationships between nations. People-to-people relationships, I think, 99 percent gets sorted with cultural exchange, there's no problem, or sports exchange,\" he said when asked if Hindi cinema could play a greater role in bilateral relations.,\"I think you overplay the role of art and culture if you start putting it in the political arena, because really it's mutually exclusive, if you ask me,\" Khan added. With the use of subtitles in films, he said, language had become less of a barrier. Earlier in the day, two new films to be co-produced by India and China were announced at the Beijing festival.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "  The hospitality and charm of Chinese culture will be the core value communicated in China's eight-minute closing ceremony performance at the 2018 Pyeongchang Winter Olympics in South Korea, said director Zhang Yimou.  Zhang, who wowed the world with his opening and closing ceremonies for the Beijing Olympics in 2008, has been appointed to direct China's contribution to the pageantry next year.  \"We will show the world the passion of Chinese people and offer the greatest welcome to all the guests,\" Zhang said.  Beijing has been named host city for the 2022 Winter Olympics, beating Kazakhstan's Almaty in a two-horse race and becoming the first city to host both the summer and winter events.  At the closing ceremony in 2018, China will take possession of the Olympic flag, as Beijing and neighboring Zhangjiakou in Hebei province will co-host the 2022 Games. The host city generally presents a preview of the next Games to be held four years later.  Apart from completing the flag-taking ceremony, Zhang said the performance will convey two messages: \"Welcome to Zhangjiakou\" and \"See you in 2022 in Beijing\".  \"We will stick to Chinese culture, with a combination of different cultural elements,\" Zhang said. \"Culture is always the toughest part.\"  A netizen named Yansuochonglou complimented the video interview with Zhang, saying: \"Zhang impressed the world at the 2008 Beijing Olympics. We are looking forward to the amazement he will bring to Pyeongchang.\"  Sha Xiaolan, the stage design team leader, said the 2022 Winter Olympics will provide a good opportunity for foreigners to experience Chinese Lunar New Year and people's passion for family gatherings.  \"To show the world what they've never seen or heard before will be our top mission during the eight-minute performance,\" Sha said.  Directed by Zhang, a TV reality show featuring winter sports in China - The King of Kanone - premiered earlier this year, and is expected to boost the popularity of such sports in the country.  In 2015, the Beijing municipal government issued a plan to accelerate the development of winter sports from 2016 to 2022 - the first in China to be made by a local government.  Under the plan, Beijing will build 16 public indoor and 50 outdoor skating rinks, and 30 small ski areas by 2022. It will also improve 22 existing ski resorts.  Beijing has also set a city goal of 40 billion yuan ($5.8 billion) in revenue for the winter sports industry by 2022.       ", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "China announced on Friday that it has lowered the bar for foreign companies to invest in Beijing's service businesses, including banking, entertainment and air transportation, to ease market access restrictions on foreign direct investment from Dec 10 to May 5. The State Council decided to allow Beijing during this period to adjust its requirements so foreign companies can invest in performance and entertainment businesses with no investment ratio being set. Supported by new policies, foreign banks and their joint ventures can apply for renminbi business when they submit the opening application to related authorities in the Chinese capital until May. They used to gain such qualification only after operating a business in China for one year. Foreign companies are also entitled to invest in the air transportation sales business. They previously could invest only in projects related to air transportation infrastructure. \"Led by supply-side structural reform and the booming size of the middle class, China's ability to gain FDI is increasingly dominated by the service sector, and more profound changes are occurring in relatively developed regions,\" said Feng Yaoxiang, a spokesman for the China Council for the Promotion of International Trade. Feng said companies from developed countries have noticed the trend and have become more willing to invest in service businesses. China implemented a revised foreign investment catalog earlier this year, which relaxed restrictions on foreign investment in a number of industries. \"The country will push for nationwide implementation of a pre-establishment national treatment system as well as a negative list, which determines industries in which foreign participation is prohibited or limited,\" said Ministry of Commerce spokesman Gao Feng. A negative list approach to market entry, which specifies the sectors and businesses that are off-limits to foreign investment, will be expanded nationwide in 2018. \"Developing service business is vital to sustaining economic growth and encouraging foreign capital to flow into the country,\" said Li Guanghui, vice-president of the Chinese Academy of International Trade and Economic Cooperation in Beijing.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "China has retained its top-three ranking in the 2017 edition of A.T. Kearney's Foreign Direct Investment Confidence Index as investors turn more optimistic about its economic prospects.  \"China is the third-largest recipient of FDI in the world. Beijing appears keen to continue to improve China's attractiveness to foreign investors with its continued plans to cut red tape for foreigners and its announcement to increase foreign investment in healthcare, education, sports and culture. If implementation of these reforms is successful and the new rules are transparently applied, then China's FDI inflows may grow even more in the coming years,\" said Dan Starta, Partner and Head of Greater China at A.T. Kearney. The index is a forward-looking analysis of how political, economic, and regulatory changes will likely affect FDI inflows into countries in the coming years. The index is constructed using primary data from a proprietary survey administered to senior executives of the world\u00a1\u00afs leading corporations. Respondents include C-level executives and regional and business leads. All companies participating in the survey have annual revenues of $500 million or more. Let us take a look at the top 10 countries expected to attract most foreign capital. No 10 Singapore Score: 1.61 Ranking change from 2016: Flat No 1 United States Score: 2.03 Ranking change from 2016: Flat       Score:1.67 Ranking change from 2016: -2 No 8 India Score: 1.68 Ranking change from 2016: +1 No 7 France Score: 1.71 Ranking change from 2016: +1  No 6 Japan Score: 1.72 Ranking change from 2016: Flat No 5 Canada Score: 1.78 Ranking change from 2016: -2 No 4 United Kingdom Score: 1.80  Ranking change from 2016: +1 No 3 China Score: 1.83 Ranking change from 2016: -1 No 2 Germany Score: 1.86 Ranking change from 2016: +2  ", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Researchers have called for greater efforts to build internet infrastructure in Central China to improve the internet literacy of the region's young people.  The competence of using the internet among young people in this part of the country falls behind that of their peers in other areas, according to a survey by Guangming Daily and Beijing Normal University's School of Journalism and Communication, released in June.  More than 7,000 young people from 22 provinces and regions were polled about their behavior while using the internet, including how they manage their attention when surfing, how they search for and make use of information, and how they analyze and evaluate information.  The survey found that respondents from Central China scored lower in the survey than those in the eastern and western regions.  In response, researchers suggested authorities and educators build better internet infrastructure, to make the internet more accessible to young people and improve their internet literacy.  Statistics from the China Internet Network Information Center show that, as of June, China had 751 million internet users. One in five were aged 10 to 19.  The survey found that for young people aged 12 to 18, the internet is integral to their education, entertainment, social lives and self-expression.      However, in contrast, young people's internet competence does not match their frequent usage.  Researchers evaluated each person polled based on their responses in five aspects, including protecting their personal information online, searching the internet, and attitudes toward other users. The average score was only 3.55 points from a maximum five points.  The survey also found that young urban residents of first-or second-tier cities in eastern China with better academic performances at school have comparatively better internet competence than peers.  It also found that a respondent's access to digital devices, relationship with his or her parents, and the frequency with which they talked about the internet with their parents had an impact on internet competence.  \"The more digital devices young people can access in their daily lives, and the more young people talk with parents, the better they will be at collecting, using, analyzing and evaluating information on the internet,\" the report said.  The report suggested that parents control children's internet access, set up family rules for internet usage, and talk with children often to help them to develop good surfing habits.  Zhang Yanqiu, a professor of media research at the Communication University of China, said family plays an increasingly important role in improving young people's internet competence.  \"In that sense, parents' internet competence is of equal importance,\" she said. \"This, in addition to how a child's internet competence influences that of parents, could be new angles of research.\" ", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "As the 2017 China-Russia Forum: New Media-Youth Collaboration approaches, five university students are in Russia to work with 11 young partners there to prepare for the event. Recruitment of the five took a month, including a thorough selection and interview process of applicants from more than 20 universities nationwide. The five selected\u00a3\u00adWei Danyang, Peking University; Lan Juxin, Communication University of China; Wu Yuhong, Jinan University; Jiang Jie, Guangdong University of Foreign Studies; and Zhao Zijian, Tianjin Normal University\u00a3\u00adfinally stood out. A farewell meeting for them was held last week in Beijing, and they visited China Daily and spoke with journalists before departing. Han Lei, editor-in-chief of chinadaily.com.cn, attended the farewell meeting and expressed her hopes and wishes for the student delegation. The five students traveled to Rostov-on-Don on Friday and started eight days of activities beginning in the port city and regional administrative center. The visit is led by Li Jun, deputy editor-in-chief of chinadaily.com.cn, and Professor Wu Fei of the School of Journalism and Communication at Jinan University. According to Li, Chinese and Russian student delegations at the forum will discuss new trends, new media and new technology about the use of the internet. They will work together to make a themed video about the Don River. The 2017 China-Russia Forum: New Media-Youth Collaboration is one of the more important activities under the \"China-Russia Media Exchange Year \"umbrella. It is another important cultural exchange activity between the two nations following the previous \"Year of Nation\", \"Year of Language\", \"Year of Tourism\" and \"Year of Youth\". China-Russian media cooperation is expected to become even more important in the future. This annual activity is organized by the China Daily website and Don State Technical University and supported by China's State Administration of Press, Publication, Radio, Film and Television and the Russian Ministry of Telecom and Mass Communications. The forum's aim is to build a high-level exchange platform to strengthen cooperation, help increase content, technology and personnel exchanges and deepen friendship between Chinese and Russian media.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Walmart Inc's high-end membership store Sam's Club opened its third outlet in Shunyi district of Beijing on Thursday, as part of its expansion efforts to open 40 stores by 2020. It is the 24th Sam's Club store in the country. The new store, located at the center of the more affluent residential community in Shunyi district, was build with interactive experiences including Sam's kitchen, allowing chefs to showcase the cooking process based on food products available in store. Walmart has introduced the membership format in the country since 1996 in Shenzhen and now has about two million members nationwide. Last year, the retailer's revenue grew 8 percent year-on-year despite its small proportion of the overall market. Sam's Club's executives said earlier in an interview that it is the best timing for membership business model to flourish in China, proven by strong growth in consumer's willingness to purchase membership in music applications or retailing brands. Andrew Miles, president of Sam's Club China, said the club aims to serve middle-and-high-end income families in China, offering seamless online-and-offline services to meet member families' various consumption needs. The store offers both individual and business memberships and provides delivery services through its website, online application and partnership with JD. Sam's Club focuses on increasing the coverage and efficiency of its one-hour delivery service, which it operates through an alliance with delivery firm Dada-JD Daojia. The delivery service mainly covers high-frequency merchandizes including fresh food, maternity and baby products. In Beijing for example, it is expected to cover members residing within the fifth ring area. In addition to its current 260 yuan ($38) membership fee, Sam's Club has introduced a 680 yuan membership that offers high-end family services such as dental care at private clinics. United States retailer Costco, which also has members-only model, is reportedly opening its first mainland store in Shanghai soon.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "  Editor's note: In the run-up to the 19th Communist Party of China National Congress, China Daily is reporting on a number of key projects of national importance that showcase the country's great improvements in crucial fields, such as recent reforms aimed at improving living standards and creating a moderately prosperous society by 2020. Today's report focuses on changes to China's medical system.  Despite appeals by his superiors, gynecologist Kang Kai was determined to resign from the hospital in which he had worked for nearly 20 years.  He said he left \"for freedom and respect\".  Kang, 45, worked at a leading public hospital in Chongqing, Southwest China. In the eyes of his colleagues and patients, the gray-haired doctor was eminent and respectable, but he describes himself as a slave: working around the clock, with just half a day off each week and \"always ready for overtime\".  As head of the gynecology department, Kang was responsible for dealing with hundreds of administrative inspections, meetings, medical disputes and studies that took up a huge amount of his time every year for no extra pay.  He also dealt with strained doctor-patient relations that could result in violence. Kang was even threatened twice himself.  \"It was very disheartening,\" he said. \"I didn't want to work that way.\"  In 2015, he moved to Beijing and became a freelance specialist, seeing patients at different hospitals, mainly private ones. Last year, uniting about 100 leading doctors nationwide, Kang set up Woyi, which means \"fertile ground for doctors\", China's first group for gynecologists.  He is one of a growing number of Chinese doctors offering their services outside the public hospital system where they made their reputations. \"I feel like a fish swimming from a pond to an ocean,\" he said.  Giving doctors the freedom to choose where they see patients helps to tackle China's chronic imbalance in medical resources, according to Kang.  About 80 percent of the country's medical resources are found in big cities, such as Beijing and Shanghai, and 30 percent of them are in big public hospitals, which are flooded with patients eager to see eminent physicians.  The process of seeing a doctor at a big hospital is a miserable one. The sick must line up overnight for tickets, competing with scalpers, whose prices can be 1,000 times the official fee.  The time a doctor has for each appointment is tight. Kang once saw as many as 80 outpatients a day, each for just 2 or 3 minutes. \"It was the only way to get away from work at a reasonable time,\" he said.  Doctors grumbled about \"being nailed to a chair all day\" without even time for a toilet break, Kang said.  He admires how medical staff in the United States and Europe can work for more than one hospital, either public or private. Moreover, thanks to the hierarchical medical systems in those regions, patients can receive high-quality services at nearby clinics.  In China, medical staff and facilities are in great demand, so hospitals struggle to attract and retain good doctors. In 1999, a law was passed that required doctors to be registered with one hospital, which would be responsible for their pay, welfare and professional position until retirement.  Doctors who were not registered with a medical institution were often considered quacks.  The regulations began to be eased in 2009, when the State Council published a plan that allowed doctors to offer their services at more than one hospital. In October, the government released the Healthy China 2030 blueprint to \"explore the practice of freelance physicians and doctor groups\".  Regulations issued in March also supported doctors who want to run their own clinics.Kang said allowing doctors to register at more than one hospital gives patients improved access to treatment, and helps underpaid doctors earn more, because they can work at private hospitals, which offer better pay than the public system.  Patients have lambasted doctors in public hospitals for commissioning needless scans and other tests to make more money.  However, Kang pointed out that an appointment at a public hospital with an associate senior doctor, such as himself, would cost 15 yuan ($2.20) - less than a haircut - and he would receive a \"negligible\" share of that.  In private hospitals, a consultation costs 450 yuan, and he receives half of the fee.  Kang admits he had no idea how much a consultation should cost at first: \"We left the decision to the market.\"  He used the example of a female doctor who often works late because her consultations last longer than those conducted by other colleagues. Even though her consultation fee has risen from 450 to 800 yuan, she still has many patients.  \"Doctors wouldn't take kickbacks,\" Kang said.  High fees discourage price-sensitive customers, but Kang argued that patients see doctors much more quickly than they would in a public hospital.  University teacher Jia Hong gave birth this year at a private hospital in Beijing. The medical bill was 30,000 yuan, more than 10 times that in a public hospital, but she didn't care. \"It's expensive, but it saves time, and I did not have to prepare a red envelope (a gift of money),\" she said.  However, few doctors are throwing off their \"shackles\". By last year, just 3,000 doctors had applied for extra registrations, less than 5 percent of the total number in Beijing. In Jiangsu province, only 1,000 doctors have applied since 2010.  Public hospital administrators have mounted strong opposition to the move, because they fear doctors will take patients and profits to private hospitals.  Last year, two ophthalmologists made headlines after being fired from a leading public hospital in Beijing for \"stealing patients\".  Doctors now worry that public hospitals will extract retribution by affecting pay, promotion prospects and professional titles.  Many doctors who joined Kang's group were persuaded to abandon their move by their hospital bosses.Another problem facing freelance medics is the lack of patients. During his toughest period, Kang had just one patient a day.  Zhang Qiang, a leading vascular surgeon from Shanghai who became the country's first freelance doctor, also suffered a loss of popularity: \"Before I quit the public hospital, I had about 200 operations to do, but when I ran my own business, only five patients followed me. It's really a big test for doctors.\"  According to Kang, China's top hospitals are all State-owned, and they have the most-advanced medical equipment and the best-trained medical staff.  \"Despite offering all these services, doctors never learn, or need, to please their patients. After leaving public hospitals, they don't know how to compete in the market. We have to be nice to patients, because they are customers,\" he said.    To reach the public, freelance doctors are taking to social media and apps to popularize medical science.  More than 2,000 healthcare apps are available to enable users to contact doctors either by instant message or phone. Their conversations are open to other users, who can assess a doctor's services and skills at a glance, rather than by researching their qualifications. Some have millions of followers.  \"In the past, doctors waited for patients, but now we look for patients,\" Kang said.  While some experts predict that China will see an upsurge in the number of freelance doctors in the next 15 years, Kang said there's still a long way to go. \"Few people would pay more to see a doctor at a private hospital,\" he said.  Moreover, online consultation comes with the risk of misdiagnosis or disclosure of personal information. Patients often become angry at high fees, leading to disputes at private hospitals, which still require government scrutiny and regulation.  Duan Tao, a former president of the Shanghai First Maternity and Infant Hospital and now a freelance doctor, urged public hospitals to reduce workloads by canceling unnecessary administrative meetings and inspections.  \"In a word, give time back to the doctors, and give the doctors back to the patients.\"", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Shanghai, China's commercial center with best urban scale and freight transport, tops the latest list of the best cities for business in Chinese mainland, according to Forbes China. Guangzhou grabbed the second spot with highest passenger transport index and Beijing ranked third with outstanding performance in talent, urban scale, consumption ability, passenger transport and innovation. Although Shenzhen ranked No 6 on the list this year, the city, home to internet giant Tencent and China's telecommunications hardware leader Huawei Technologies, is the most innovative city among all the 100 cities on the list. Since 2004, Forbes has ranked cities by evaluating indexes such as human resources, urban scale, consumption ability, passenger traffic, freight transport, vitality of private economy, operating costs and innovation. Let\u00a1\u00afs take a look at the top 10 cities in Chinese mainland in 2017.,No 7 Chongqing,No 4 Nanjing,No 3 Beijing,No 2 Guangzhou", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "  A Chinese tourist group began a visit to South Korea on Saturday, eight months after package tours were halted because of a diplomatic dispute sparked by the US military's deployment of the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense system in the country. The tourist group of 32 people from Beijing will spend five days in Seoul, according to Sun Lichan, director of the marketing department of Haitao Travel, the tourism company that organized the trip. Any industry related to Lotte Group will be avoided in the company's new travel schedules, Sun said. The Lotte Duty Free Shop, a former popular shopping spot for Chinese tourists, will be replaced by the Shilla Duty Free Shop. Lotte Group, a retail giant in South Korea, accepted a plot of land in February in exchange for its Skyhill Golf Course in Seongju, where the US antimissile system will be deployed, a move that China strongly opposes. South Korea's trade and tourism industries saw downturns because of the THAAD issue. In March, Chinese travel agencies stopped selling package tours to South Korea after the THAAD deployment. \"As bilateral relations between the two sides have eased slowly recently, we began to reorganize group tours by contacting airline companies and travel agencies we can cooperate with in South Korea,\" Sun said. The company got a group visa to South Korea on Thursday - the first group visa to the country since March, Sun said. The group took an Asiana Airlines flight from Beijing Capital International Airport to South Korea's Incheon International Airport on Saturday, she said. \"Tourism to South Korea will recover gradually, but it's still a long way from the situation of a year ago,\" Sun said. Xu Xiaolei, chief brand officer for China Youth Travel Service, said: \"Customer consultations about group tours or travel visas to South Korea, either in person at our offices or by phone or online, have increased recently, but we have little data about traveling to South Korea.\" ", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "In the past three years, Beijing has seen a growing number of labor disputes involving legal questions about employer-employee relationships. Many of the disputes have centered on smartphone applications, as the mobile economy has developed rapidly, courts in the capital reported on Tuesday. With more people working for increasingly prosperous internet platforms since 2015 - especially smartphone applications that provide car-hailing and food services - app operators have been taken to court more frequently, Beijing High People's Court said. \"Such new labor cases have been a challenge for our hearings, and the number is still going up,\" the court told China Daily, though it did not give an exact citywide figure. On Tuesday, a report made by Chaoyang District People's Court said that it heard 188 such lawsuits from January 2015 to March this year; Haidian District People's Court concluded 55 such cases between January 2016 and February this year. Different from traditional employment, the mobile app job is \"flexible\", said Wu Kemeng, a judge in Chaoyang. \"Some app platforms without fixed workplaces are more like a bridge connecting customers and service providers, and many workers don't need a full day at work.\" \"That is to say, it's difficult to verify whether there is a labor relationship between the free workers and the app platforms. This is the focus of many lawsuits as well as the challenge in the hearings,\" he said. \"Some agreements between app operators and workers can only be regarded as cooperation or information sharing, which means the providers in these cases are not protected under the Labor Law,\" he said. In June 2016, for example, the court rejected the claim of an employment relationship between 56 people and Mei Mei Da, a popular beauty app, because the workers had only provided nail-painting services in accordance with customers information collected by the platform. \"The workers made decisions on when and where to provide the services by themselves, and they didn't agree on salaries with the app operators,\" said Xiao Wei, another judge of the court. \"In other words, the platform just shared clients' information with them instead of managing them.\" She warned job seekers to be more careful, \"as people without a labor relationship cannot get social insurance under the law\". \"If an app platform requires a certain working time and place and has a system for governing attendance, its agreement with service providers may be more easily identified as a labor relationship,\" she added. Wang Yan, a judge from Haidian district, suggested the city's labor administrations strengthen supervision of app platforms to prevent them from intentionally shirking their responsibilities or cheating job-seekers. \"As the apps bring more job opportunities, they must be better regulated,\" she said.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "BEIJING - Chinese President Xi Jinping on Sunday met with Tajik President Emomali Rahmon in Beijing. China and Tajikistan should strengthen the synergy between the Belt and Road Initiative (BRI) and Tajikistan's national development strategy for the period up to 2030, and deepen cooperation in fields including trade, investment, finance, connectivity, culture and security, Xi said. Efforts should be made to enhance the capability of customs clearance and transportation to create favorable conditions for expanding trade between the two countries, he said. China encourages its companies to invest and do business in Tajikistan to support the country's industrialization, Xi said. Rahmon said the BRI is of global significance and will help Taikistan achieve industrialization. Tajikistan is an early supporter of the BRI, and is actively aligning its national development strategy with the Chinese initiative, Rahmon said.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "BEIJING - China will implement a 3-year action plan to improve its transport network and services, according to the Ministry of Transport. The plan reaffirmed China's goals in building a fully-fledged transport network by 2020 when it will reach the goal of building a moderately prosperous society in all aspects. By 2020, China will have 30,000 kilometers of high-speed railway, covering 80 percent of Chinese cities with a population of over 1 million, according to the plan which lists 76 targets. The country also aims to add some 180 new deep-water berths at its seaports for 10,000-tonne vessels and above. Integration of transport within the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei area will be accelerated, according to the plan, as driving time between the cities of Beijing, Tianjin, Baoding and Tangshan will be reduced to within one hour. Travel time from the urban centers of Beijing, Tianjin and Hebei's capital city Shijiazhuang to their suburban new towns and satellite cities will be also reduced to within one hour. Similar commuting convenience will be ensured between Beijing and neighboring Zhangjiakou, co-hosts of the 2022 Winter Olympic Games. Efforts will be made to allow passengers to use one ticket for different transport services including flight, high-speed railway and urban rail transit, according to the plan.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "    BEIJING/SHANGHAI - Chinese police are investigating claims of sexual molestation and needlemarks on children at a Beijing kindergarten run by RYB Education Inc, the latest case in a booming childcare industry to spark outrage among parents, sending the company's New York-listed shares tumbling on Friday.  The official Xinhua news agency said late on Thursday that police were checking allegations that some teachers and staff at the kindergarten had abused children, who were \"reportedly sexually molested, pierced by needles and given unidentified pills\".  Shares in RYB plunged 38 percent on the New York Stock Exchange early on Friday, almost wiping out most of the 44 percent rise in the Chinese company's stock since its IPO in September.  Parents said their children, some as young as three, relayed troubling accounts of a naked adult male conducting purported \"medical check-ups\" on students, who were also unclothed, other media said.  Some parents, who gathered outside the school to demand answers on Thursday, said their children gave matching accounts of being fed unidentified tablets and of punishments where students were \"made to stand\" naked in class, media said.  The welfare of children in professional care has become a hot-button issue in China, where a string of high-profile cases of abuse has underlined lax regulations and supervision in the childcare and early learning industry.  \"We deeply apologise for the serious anxiety this matter has brought to parents and society,\" RYB said in a statement on its official microblog on Friday, adding that it was helping authorities.  \"We are currently working with the police to provide relevant surveillance materials and equipment; the teachers in question have been suspended and we are co-operating with the police investigation,\" it said.  The school's principal had lodged a police report against \"individuals who have engaged in false accusations and framing\", it said, without elaborating.  Beijing police did not immediately respond to a faxed request for comment.  In a statement before its shares opened trade on Friday, RYB said it was planning a $50 million share buy-back programme and had established a special task force led by independent company directors to do a \"thorough self-inspection across all teaching facilities\".  China's education ministry has begun a special investigation into the operation of kindergartens, it said in a statement on Thursday, and told education departments nationwide to \"take warning from these types of incidents\".  Separate incidents in China of children being slapped, beaten with a stick and having their mouths sealed shut with duct tape have also gone viral and fuelled anger online.  News of the investigation into the Beijing kindergarten triggered a wave of outrage on social media, with more than 76 million mentions of \"RYB\" on Tencent Holdings Ltd's WeChat messaging service on Thursday.  \"These may be individual cases but the deeper problems they reflect cannot be overlooked,\" a Xinhua editorial said. \"Laws must be enforced, supervision strengthened, teacher wages increased. The childcare industry cannot be allowed to grow in an uncivilised fashion.\"  Chinese education providers have been attracting major investment, while others have sought global listings, latching onto fast-growing demand from parents for high-end education services.  Before Friday, shares in RYB had been up about 44 percent since a September New York listing, giving it a market value of nearly $766 million.  This was not the first case of alleged abuse at an RYB school.  In 2015, a court in Jilin province found two teachers guilty of physically abusing children at one of its kindergartens in the city of Siping. In that case, staff at the school on \"multiple occasions used needles and intimidation tactics to abuse many of the children under their care\", according to the court ruling document.  Earlier this year, RYB said it had found \"serious mistakes\" at another one of its Beijing schools and had asked the principal to step down after videos emerged showing teachers hitting and pushing children.  State television broadcast images of police and angry parents gathered outside the school in Beijing on Thursday, calling for answers.  On Friday, one father leaving the school said he had been there to cancel his son's enrolment and demand a refund.  Another parent, 36-year-old Wang Siqi, said she took the day off work to demand answers, even though her six-year-old son does not attend the school.  \"As a mother when I saw this news I really couldn't take it,\" she said. \"This is unforgivable.\"  RYB says on its website it runs a network of more than 1,300 directly owned and franchised play-and-learn centres and nearly 500 kindergartens for children up to age six in about 300 Chinese cities and towns. ", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "The latest exhibition featuring ceramics from China's porcelain capital, Jingdezhen, has been unveiled at the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference (CPPCC) Culture and History Museum in Beijing on Monday. The exhibit, titled features 364 ancient ceramics pieces, 316 pieces and sets of ancient ceramic replicas, and modern household porcelains, art ceramics and high-tech ceramics.  The exhibition, split into five different categories, consists of one part showcasing ancient porcelain specimens, which span from the Eastern Han Dynasty (AD 25-220) to modern times. This part of the exhibit also displays the largest amount of porcelain specimens so far in China. Several academic lectures and art exchange activities will also be scheduled throughout the exhibition, which will run until the end of August.  Wang Guangyao, a researcher from the Beijing Palace Museum, deliveredthe firstlecturetitled \"Porcelains used the royal court along the history\" on the opening day. Several influential ceramic artisans, with excellent craftsmanship from Jingdezhen, were also invited to the opening ceremony of the exhibit. Theartisans were able to showcase their techniques and work at the event, which enabled visitors to discover more about Jingdezhen ceramic making.,  Liu Xiaofeng, deputy head of the CPPCC, Huang Zhixian and Liu Jiaqiang, two deputy secretary generals of the CPPCC, and experts in culture and history fields attended the opening ceremony. Wu Juan, secretary general of the Jingdezhen municipal Party committee, said the fine-selected porcelains at the exhibition were a record ofJingdezhen's past and present achievements, which he thought has become a full display of Jingdezhen's ceramic culture in Beijing.  \"Jingdezhen is actively involved in the Belt and Road Initiative, and strives to present splendid Chinese culture, while delivering China's voice in the communication with the world,\" he said. Jingdezhen, a city in South China's Jiangxi province, is widely known as China's \"porcelain capital\". The city has more than 1,700 years of history in porcelain-making, and used to produce porcelain for the royal court in ancient times. The unique clay resources in Jingdezhen, along with its time-honored craftsmanship, have made it a preferred resort for porcelain lovers and tourists alike.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Yu Long, China's preeminent conductor on the international scene, and the Shanghai Symphony Orchestra signed an exclusive contract with Deutsche Grammophon on June 7 to become the first Chinese conductor and orchestra to join the world's oldest and most renowned classical music label. Their first DG recording will be released in 2019 to celebrate the 140th anniversary of SSO, the oldest symphony orchestra in China. One of the pieces in the recording will be Chinese composer Chen Qigang's La Joie de la souffrance for Violin and Orchestra, which was co-commissioned by the Beijing Music Festival and premiered at last year's closing concert of the event in Beijing. Another piece that will feature in the album is Rachmaninov's  . Separately, the SSO also plans to record two more albums featuring Chinese composers' works and Mahler's pieces under the yellow label. Meanwhile, in addition to the albums, DG will also release earlier recordings from the SSO's existing catalogue.,DG also announced at its headquarters in Berlin on Monday that it will celebrate its 120th anniversary this year with an unprecedented range of activities across the world. And Yu and the SSO will join the celebrations with a gala concert at the Imperial Ancestral Temple of the Forbidden City on October 10. There, they will perform Orff's Carmina Burana with soprano Aida Garifullina, tenor Toby Spence and baritone Ludovic Tezier, before being joined by pianist Helene Grimaud for Ravel's Piano Concerto in G major. Speaking about the contract, Clemens Trautmann, the president of DG, says: \"I am excited about the new partnership. And we will collaborate with these leading and inspiring musicians and institutions in the world's most vibrant classical music environment. \"The work Yu has accomplished with the Shanghai Symphony in the last decade is truly remarkable. And it is reflected today in his high-profile international engagements and in the orchestra's impressive tour schedule, including its debut at last year's Lucerne Summer Festival. \"The recordings will help draw global attention to the outstanding musicianship of Long Yu and the SSO, and foster the already significant profile of DG in China.\",Fedina Zhou Ping, the president of SSO says that DG and Yu started to discuss the partnership in early 2017. And they appreciate Yu's critically acclaimed work as music director of the SSO as well as his active engagement in classical music in both China and the world. \"Maestro Yu has worked with the SSO for a decade, and always promotes the orchestra's powerful blend of tradition and ambition,\" she says. \"Under his direction, the SSO has become one of the most vibrant arts organizations in the region. And Maestro Yu has designed professional seasons, introduced world-class musicians to the SSO, created the Music in the Summer Air Festival and the Shanghai Orchestra Academy with the New York Philharmoinc Orchestra, and has lifted the SSO to a world standard.\" As for Yu, he says he is thrilled to be associated with the yellow label. \"It's not only a great honor to me and the SSO, but a recognition of China's classical music development. \"China is not only the second largest economy in the world, but its culture also has a great impact globally. \"So, we are determined to reach out to music lovers across the world, and will now be able to connect with new listeners through our recordings for the yellow label. \"I look forward to recording works by Chinese composers and sharing these and the wonderful artistry that the SSO brings to the great symphony repertoire with international audiences.\",Composer Chen Qigang, whose work will feature on the first album, says: \"It's easy to see the honor, but not the hard work and painstaking efforts behind the achievement. Thanks to Yu for choosing my work for the first DG album.\" Congratulations also came from other composers and musicians. Chinese composer Guo Wenjing says: \"DG's contract is a big deal. The yellow label is a dream for musicians and orchestras.\" Tu Song, a clarinetist and the Beijing Music Festival's program director, says: \"Although people now mostly listen to digital music, most classic music is still recorded on albums.\" \"DG's contract with Yu and the SSO represents a recognition and encouragement for Chinese musicians and orchestras.\" Yu's links with the SSO go back to 2009. Besides, he founded the China Philharmonic Orchestra in 2000, and has been its music director since. Yu is also the music director of the Guangzhou Symphony Orchestra that he joined in 2003. And he has also devoted a lot of effort to the development of both orchestras. Explaining why he decided to link the SSO with DG, he says that the SSO is the oldest orchestra in China, and possibly Asia, going back more than 150 years, and that in the last few decades, it has made a mark on the world classical music scene.,Shanghai opened to the Western world in 1843 and since that time, foreign cultures have integrated with Chinese culture through this commercial port. The first Western music performers made a mark on the mainland in 1879 when a group of foreign musicians formed the Shanghai Public Band. Then, a few years later, Italian pianist Mario Paci built up the orchestra to more than 50 players, including some Chinese musicians. Arrigo Foa then took over the baton from Paci in 1942. And Chinese musician Huang Yijun became the first Chinese conductor after new China was founded in 1949. The orchestra became formally known as the Shanghai Symphony Orchestra in 1956. As for Yu, he was born into a musical family in Shanghai in 1964, and then studied at the Shanghai Conservatory followed by Berlin's Hochschule de Kunste. His time in Germany was influential in many ways. And speaking about his time there, he says: \"It was in Berlin that I learned the most important things about life, not just from my music studies but from the city's incredible culture scene as a whole.\" Later, upon his return to China in the early 1990s, he began working with the country's leading orchestras. He then founded the Beijing Music Festival in 1998 and China Philharmonic Orchestra in 2000. He is also the principal guest conductor with the Hong Kong Philhamonic Orchestra. His guest-conducting work includes collaborations with the New York Philharmonic, the Philharmonia Orchestra, the Toronto Symphony Orchestra, the Tonhalle-Orchester Zurich, the NDR Elbphilharmonie Orchester, the WDR Sinfonieorchester Koln, the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra and the Orchestra dell'Accademia Nazionale di Santa Cecilia.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Tenants in rented properties in Beijing can now send their children to schools in their own neighborhood as part of a recent effort by the authorities to improve education equality. Primary schools previously could only accept the children of local homeowners. But that regulation has been lifted to include renters who hold household registration\u00a3\u00ador hukou\u00a3\u00adin another part of the capital. The rule change is aimed at providing young couples more options in their children's education, according to Feng Hongrong, deputy director of Beijing's Education Commission. To be eligible, however, one parent must have had a stable job within the metropolitan district in which they rent, such as Haidian or Chaoyang, for more than three consecutive years. Chu Zhaohui, a senior researcher at the National Institute of Education, said the regulation is convenient for young Beijing residents with hukou, as it gives their children easier access to schools. However, he warned that the policy could put more pressure on Haidian and Xicheng districts, which have a lot of highly regarded primary schools. \"It could also see people rent homes in places with good schools to increase their options,\" he said. In addition to helping renters, the city government has said that quality primary schools that have some vacant seats will now accept pupils from nearby school districts through a computer-generated lottery operated by the education commission. It means there will be more choices, as some schools have good resources but the surrounding area has a shortage of students, Feng said. \"In a way, it guarantees fairness,\" he said. Chu, the researcher, said: \"The quality of each primary school will become more balanced if this is promoted over several years.\" He said he has advised the education commission to apply the same lottery system to high-quality middle schools and high schools. China's law on compulsory education, introduced in 2006, states that governments should provide school-age students access to education in the place where they hold hukou. In 2014, Beijing issued regulations allowing pupils to enter primary schools near their homes, as a way to balance the development of primary and secondary schools and distribute education resources more fairly. The boundaries of Beijing's school districts are changed every year, which according to authorities is to prevent property prices around quality schools from overheating.", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "  Contemporary American dancer-choreographer Carolyn Carlson will premiere her work   ( ) in China on Saturday at the ongoing 17th Meet in Beijing Arts Festival, a major annual cultural event in the capital. Premiered in Paris in 2016,   has been performed a number of times worldwide. Inspired by nature, Carlson wanted to make a statement for the future generations to create greater awareness of environmental issues and the threat of extinction that many species feel. \"We are all seeds. If you think about it, seeds that give birth, even the stars are seeds, thus the title of the piece,\" Carlson, the 73-year-old Paris-based artist, says in an email. \"We all share the same sun, a heart of emotions and perceptions. I believe   will be understood by an open public ready to receive a message, with no words needed to describe this poem ... simply watch and enjoy,\" she adds. The piece involves three dancers and a cartoon figure on video, named Elyx. Carlson's son, Aleksi Aubry-Carlson, composed the music for the piece. French visual artist Yacine Ait Kaci is behind the image of Elyx\u00a3\u00ada character that Carolyn Carlson describes as \"innocent but not naive, and universal\". Carolyn Carlson has always loved to improvise, which is part of her nature. During the past four decades and with more than 100 dance pieces in her career, she has had significant influence and success in many European countries. In 2014, she founded her dance company when she left the National Choreographic Center in Roubaix, France, which she had been directing for 10 years.,  Defining herself as a \"water lady\", she says that water is her favorite theme since she grew up near the Pacific Ocean, lived in Venice surrounded by water, and now she lives in Paris, where you find the Seine. She also calls herself a nomad, who travels a lot and lives in many places, such as New York, Paris, Venice and Helsinki. Growing up with a strong art influence, such as playing the piano, painting, acting, dancing, she would stage small shows at home for the family at a young age. However, it was in 1965 when she started working with American choreographer Alwin Nikolais in New York that she realized she wanted to be an artist. \"He totally changed my perspective on dance. He was so creative, with his four principles about movement: time, space, shape and perpetual motion. Choreographing for him was not only a question of steps, but also lights, costume, music, set ... a total performance. And he also passed on his love for transmission to me. Creating and learning were deeply connected for him,\" says Carolyn Carlson, who was trained at the San Francisco School of Ballet and at Utah University. Besides dance, she is also a poet and prefers the term \"visual poetry\" to \"choreography\" to describe her work, since poetry and synchronicity are the keywords to understand her art. \"I write what I can't dance and I dance what I can't write. And for my creations, I usually start by writing poems. I'm very inspired by everything that relates to paper actually, writing, reading, drawing,\" she says, adding that she cannot dissociate poetry and dance as they are deeply connected. \"My dance is strongly oriented toward philosophy and spirituality. I don't work with the technique or the steps, but with the heart. So every piece is a poem on its own. You give back to the public a poem without words.\" Contact the writer at chennan@chinadaily.com.cn 7:30 pm, Saturday. Nanshan Cultural and Sports Center Theater, 2106 Nanshan Boulevard, Shenzhen, Guangdong. 400-610-3721. 2:30 pm and 7:30 pm, Tuesday. Tianqiao Performing Arts Center, 9 Tianqiao South Street, Xicheng district, Beijing. 400-635-3355.  ", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "  An institute for Tibetan literature and data was established at the China Tibetology Research Center in Beijing on Monday.  The institute, whose aim is to protect and develop the culture of ethnic Tibetans while providing information and resources for related scientific research, is expected to become China's largest and most authoritative institute for Tibetan information.  To lay a firm foundation for the institute, the research center began collecting ancient books and literature in 2015 written in the Tibetan language from Beijing, the Tibet autonomous region, Qinghai and Gansu provinces and Tibetan areas in Sichuan province.  The center sorted out the contents of some ancient books at the Potala Palace and Norbulingka that were once believed to be lost.  The content includes Buddhist religious literature covering a wide range of fields such as history, literature, medicine and astronomy. Much of the content was not included in Tibetan classics.  An Qiyi, Party chief of the research center, said at the opening ceremony on Monday that the institute would stay in communication and strengthen cooperation with institutes of Tibetan studies nationwide to gather richer sources of Tibetan language literature.  \"We will also make efforts to build the institute into a modern one with high standards that can contribute to the protection and development of the culture of the Tibetan ethnic group,\" he said.  An institute for Tibetan literature and data was established at the China Tibetology Research Center in Beijing on Monday.  The institute, whose aim is to protect and develop the culture of ethnic Tibetans while providing information and resources for related scientific research, is expected to become China's largest and most authoritative institute for Tibetan information.  To lay a firm foundation for the institute, the research center began collecting ancient books and literature in 2015 written in the Tibetan language from Beijing, the Tibet autonomous region, Qinghai and Gansu provinces and Tibetan areas in Sichuan province.  The center sorted out the contents of some ancient books at the Potala Palace and Norbulingka that were once believed to be lost.  The content includes Buddhist religious literature covering a wide range of fields such as history, literature, medicine and astronomy. Much of the content was not included in Tibetan classics.  An Qiyi, Party chief of the research center, said at the opening ceremony on Monday that the institute would stay in communication and strengthen cooperation with institutes of Tibetan studies nationwide to gather richer sources of Tibetan language literature.  \"We will also make efforts to build the institute into a modern one with high standards that can contribute to the protection and development of the culture of the Tibetan ethnic group,\" he said.   ", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "China is keen on increasing participation by Finnish companies at the second China International Import Expo in Shanghai later this year, a visiting delegation said in Helsinki on Tuesday. The delegation, led by the Vice-Minister of Commerce Wang Bingnan, held discussions with Finnish businesses and handed out official invitations to 100 representatives for the event in November. \"New Era, Shared Future\" is not just the CIIE theme, but an invitation from China to share the huge consumption potential of the country's 1.4 billion population, Wang said at the roadshow held at the Chinese Embassy to Finland. Speaking at the inaugural session of the CIIE in November 2018, President Xi Jinping said that China is likely to import more than $30 trillion worth of goods and $10 trillion worth of services in the next 15 years as the nation's citizens continue to upgrade their lives. China has been Finland's biggest trade partner in Asia for 15 years and CIIE is a great opportunity for businessmen from both countries to deepen partnerships and expand economic cooperation, Wang said. \"This year marks China-Finland Year of Winter Sports and we hope Finnish businesses, including those in the winter sports industry, will come and join the second CIIE for demonstration of their products and services,\" Wang said. During the first CIIE, a concept biofuel vehicle called Biofore from Finland stole the limelight as it became the expo's first exhibit to reach Shanghai. It was presented in the Finnish national pavilion, which was designed to demonstrate the country's strength in various industries such as forest industry, clean technology, shipping and clean energy. A business delegation comprising representatives of 91 Finnish enterprises also joined the first expo for cooperation opportunities with Chinese partners, according to Jusa Susia, head of region for East Asia at Business Finland. Eight Finnish enterprises bagged more than 20 contracts worth hundreds of millions of US dollars during the six-day event, Susia said. This year, Finland will continue to use the CIIE as a platform to explore more partnerships not only in industries such as information technology and clean energy, but also in winter sports and early childhood education, he said. As China prepares to host the 2022 Winter Olympics, the nation, which has not been traditionally known as a strong winter sports nation, has joined hand with Finland to launch the China-Finland Year of Winter Sports 2019 to strengthen cooperation between the two countries. \"I believe this special year of cooperation can offer many highly interesting opportunities for Finnish and local companies as well their public sectors, leading up to the Beijing 2022 Winter Olympics and beyond,\" said Anne-Mari Virolainen, Finland's minister for foreign trade and development, when she led a business delegation to the opening week of the China Finland Year of Winter Sports 2019 in Beijing in January. Valle Kulmala, CEO of Air0, a Helsinki-based company specializing in air purifiers, was also present at the roadshow sharing the company's experience in the inaugural CIIE. He said Air0 has benefited more than expected from last year's participation. The company has got to know a great number of end users and cooperation partners, which has allowed Air0 to get a better understanding of the market trend, said Kulmala. While Air0 has signed up for the second CIIE, five more enterprises including Beneq, Venla-Tuote Oy and Havina By North Oy also registered for the event during the roadshow. Elozo Oy, a Finnish company that has signed up for the second expo, has even registered for the annual event next year. More than 1,800 companies have signed up for the second CIIE, the Ministry of Commerce has said. Over 900 companies from 77 countries and regions have confirmed participation as exhibitors, including 180 Fortune Global 500 firms and leading enterprises in various industries, Gao Feng, a spokesperson for the ministry, said at a news conference on April 4. As the world's first import-themed national-level expo, the first CIIE was held in Shanghai from Nov 5 to Nov 10 and concluded with deals worth about $57.8 billion.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "A Beijing theater company is proving that attracting the young to an old form - those more prone to watch reality TV or read comics - is not a lost cause. Traditionalists often lament that ancient Chinese art forms are under threat in the face of contemporary entertainment, but there has been a surge in popularity of the ancient art among young Chinese audiences in small theaters. Peking Opera, or jingju, has a history of more than 200 years, and in 2010 UNESCO declared it an Intangible Cultural Heritage of Humanity. It brings together art forms including singing, dancing, martial arts and acrobatics, and its resurgence in small theaters is notable in that Peking Opera is usually performed in large theaters and includes grand scenes such as battlefields and royal courts. It is mostly enjoyed by elder audiences. Star Theater is one of the small theaters in Beijing in which many of the smaller Peking Opera shows are being staged. With three theaters, each with a capacity of about 200 seats, Star Theater will stage five Peking Opera productions from March 22 to 31. The five works, presented by the Jingju Theatre Company of Beijing, will be staged as part of the 40th anniversary of the company, which was jointly founded by Peking Opera masters including Mei Lanfang (1894-1961) and Ma Lianliang (1901-66). One of the shows, Yan Xijiao, is a 70-minute production that premiered in 2013 and was the directorial debut work of the Peking Opera scriptwriter and director Li Zhuoqun. The story is an adaptation of the 14th-century Chinese classic novel Water Margin by Shi Nai'an and is about the leading female character, Yan Xijiao, the concubine of district official Song Jiang, and Yan's secret lover, Song's apprentice Zhang Wenyuan.,The show has been staged more than 60 times in small theaters around the country and has stood out from other Peking Opera shows in becoming popular among younger audiences. \"Members of the creative team are about the same age as the audience, mostly people born after 1980 and 1990,\" says Li, asked why the audiences can connect with the stories her works present. \"We've all grown up watching the same cartoons, TV shows and listening to the same music, so we all have the same reference points. We keep the shows' plotlines simple because it's easier for the audience to understand. There are also fewer roles in the shows than in big-budget shows.\" Li's second Peking Opera work, A Love Beyond, will also be staged at Star Theater. It had its premiere in 2014 and is adapted from the novel Grinding the Jade Bodhisattva, a love story written by an anonymous author from the Song Dynasty (960-1279). Li, 32, born in Linfen, Shanxi province, was introduced to traditional Chinese opera by her family, who all worked for a local folk opera troupe. She started learning Peking Opera and local folk operas as a child. Her grandfather taught her to write Chinese by using lyrics from Peking Opera pieces. One of her hobbies as a child was to watch rehearsals in the theater. Li received a bachelor's degree in dramatic literature from the National Academy of Chinese Theater Arts and then a master's degree in theater directing. After graduating she joined the Jingju Theatre Company of Beijing in 2011 as a scriptwriter and director. Like many young Chinese, Li is a fan of American and South Korean TV dramas. The scenes from TV dramas such as falling in love at first sight and reunion inspired Li to adapt classic love stories into her own interpretation or to create her own romance.,However, apart from the acclaim she has received from younger people, she has also run into flak from older people, some of whom question her loyalty to the old art form. \"When you look at Peking Opera over the past 200 years you can see it's not something that is locked in the past like an exhibit sitting in a museum,\" Li says. \"It keeps changing thanks to the older generation of Peking Opera masters dedicated to keeping it alive and relevant. Different Peking Opera shows are enjoyed by people of different ages. Contemporary young audiences, especially those new to Peking Opera, may be attracted to shows in small theaters.\" The Peking Opera actress Suo Mingfang has played leading female roles in Li's productions for small theaters, including in Li's latest production, Hero Wu Song, which premiered in Beijing in August. She will play the leading role of A Love Beyond staged at Star Theater on March 24 and 25. \"I can still recall the first time when I played at small theater,\" says Suo, 35, who joined the Jingju Theatre Company of Beijing in 2006 after graduating from the National Academy of Chinese Theater Arts. \"The audiences sat so close to the stage that I could even hear the sound of their breath. Just as with traditional shows in big theaters, Peking Opera shows in small theaters are rooted deeply in the old art form, such as how the actors move and sing on stage, but we try to make the shows more contemporary, such as the way in which the stories are told.\" Han Yuechao, a Star Theater producer, says: \"I don't think Peking Opera is old-fashioned at all. Putting on Peking Opera in small theaters not only means less space than in big theaters but also allows young directors, scriptwriters and actors to experiment with the old art form. Young people are open to various art forms. They are drawn to fresh ideas relating to this traditional art form and are connected to the stories, which resonate with our daily lives.\" Star Theater, founded 10 years ago this year, was the first of its kind in Beijing and has become a magnet for drama aficionados, which is the first of its kind in the capital. It staged more than 600 shows last year, pulling in a more than 100,000 people.,In 2014 Star Theater launched Xiqu Opera Black Box Festival, which gathers about 20 traditional Chinese opera shows by troupes from around the country every year. Han, the project coordinator of the festival, says social media platforms are an important channel in communicating with young people. Audiences are invited to learn about the story lines of each show. For children, Star Theater also offers programs such as painting Peking Opera masks and wearing costumes. Ticket prices are kept afford-able at 100 yuan ($14.9), which has also helped bring in the crowds. Ma Qian Po Shui, a Peking Opera show directed by the theater veterans Zhang Manjun, is regarded as the first Peking Opera show made for small theaters. The opera, premiered in 2000 and performed by actors of the Jingju Theatre Company of Beijing, including Yang Shaopeng and Zheng Xiao, tells the story of a troubled couple during the Han Dynasty (206 BC-AD 220), the wife, disgruntled with her life, leaving her husband. After he gains an official position and success she wants to return to him but he spurns her. \"What really impressed audiences were the fresh approaches to story telling, such as flashback and interposed narration,\" says Bai Ailian, the director of the latest version of Ma Qian Po Shui. \"But they were also drawn in by themes touched on in the show, such as the causes of friction in a marriage and how money can subvert a marriage.\" Star Theater will stage the show on March 26 and 27, featuring the same actors from the original version of the show. \"Though it's a Peking Opera show, audiences love it because they feel connected,\" Bai says, adding that the music also differs to that of traditional Peking Opera. In one scene the husband recalls the good days when the couple had just married. The guzheng is the only musical instrument played onstage, rather than the traditional gong and drum.,\"The audience follows the husband's memories but suddenly, the music stops, which pulls both the husband and the audience back to reality,\" Bai says. \"Only in small theaters can that kind of intimacy between actors and audiences be created.\" Bai, who graduated from Central Academy of Drama with a PhD in directing in 2003, directed her first Peking Opera show, Six Records of a Floating Life, for small theaters in 2008. Based on the memoir by the Chinese writer Shen Fu from the Qing Dynasty (1644-1911), the Peking Opera production, Six Records of a Floating Life, follows Shen's memories about his dead wife. \"Traditional Peking Opera shows portray romance against the backdrop of wars or linked with the survival of a nation,\" Bai says. \"Six Records of a Floating Life depicts love between husband and wife, which is not commonly seen.\"", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "  While roller skates are often seen on China's public squares, few associate them with long-distance travel. But two men - both in their third year at Jining University in Jining, Shandong province - spent five and a half days of the National Day holiday on roller skates, traveling 567 kilometers to Beijing.  Xing Jiarui and Men Dengqiang started their journey on Oct 1, carrying basics such as clothes, food, water and spare parts. They stopped overnight at small hotels, according to a Beijing Youth Daily report, and arrived in the capital on Oct 6.  The pair declined to comment when contacted by China Daily on Tuesday. However, Xing told Chengdu Evening News earlier: \"We skated all the way, except a few places, one of which was a bridge with gravel over the Yellow River. Gravel makes it hard to skate.\"  It was a tough journey - eight hours a day on skates. They had worn out more than 10 sets of bearings by the time they reached Beijing.  \"Conditions like muddy roads hurt our feet. Sometimes we couldn't skate,\" Xing told Beijing Youth Daily. \"After a day of skating, our feet hurt at night but felt a little better in the morning.\"  Xing said he met Men at the university's roller-skating club and found they shared a dream of a long-distance trip. The National Day holiday seemed to be perfect timing to fulfill the dream, he was quoted as saying.  According to Chengdu Evening News, the two skaters prepared for the trip through physical training. Their regimen included skating more than 10 km every day for two weeks.  The men visited several attractions in Beijing, including Tian'anmen Square, National Stadium and a large square for skating nearby.  \"The 567-km trip, which required persistence, made our National Day holiday quite meaningful. Once we decided to do it, we determined to try our best and not give up no matter how much trouble we encountered,\" Xing was quoted as saying.  On Oct 7, the two men posted photos of the journey on Sina Weibo, arousing public attention that was expressed in both praise and worry.  Some netizens expressed admiration; others said the skating could cause traffic accidents and violated traffic rules. The Beijing traffic police said roller skating should not be done on roads, and violators can face fines.  Jiang Chenglong contributed to this story.   ", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Ecole du Ski Francais, a top ski school from Europe, has unveiled its academy in Beijing, adding one more choice for kids and adults in China to receive world-class, safe and quality courses starting this winter. Gino Andreetta, CEO of Club Med China, an international holiday firm and the partner of ESF in Beijing, said the Chinese snow market was one not to be missed. \"We decided to support the country's plan to have 300 million people on the snow (by 2022), we know in China only 20 percent of people will come back after trying skiing for the first time,\" he said. \"We think safety is a top concern, as well as experience, and that's why we created this academy with a very strong partner\u00a3\u00adESF, one of the largest and oldest ski schools.\" He said the group will continue to promote winter sports, as he observed Chinese millennial families are eager to embrace new experiences. An active lifestyle is gradually becoming an increasingly significant part of people's lives. The government too sees it as an important strategy to raise both citizens' quality of life and generate new economic consumption. In January, the General Administration of Sport and the National Development and Reform Commission released an action plan to increase sport-related consumption to 1.5 trillion yuan ($223 billion) by 2020. Many see the goal as a golden opportunity, not least the snow sports industry. An Fuxiu, founder of Sportbank, a Beijing-based sports industry consultancy, said both local authorities and investors see the entire sport industry as a very promising sector, with winter sports the most important part of that. \"We keep close contact with the GAS and various businesses, and we have seen the winter sport sector soar in recent years,\" she said. \"Both the Ministry of Education and local authorities have beneficial policies, for example, in land supply or education programs in primary and middle schools.\" According to research by Wu Bin, general manager of Beijing Carving Ski Equipment, and Wei Qinghua, chairman of Beijing Antaeus Ski, a total of 21 million visits to ski venues in China were made last year, up 14.4 percent from 2017. With 39 new ski venues opening, the country was home to 742 snow venues by the end of 2018. The research found 75 percent of skiers tried the facilities as a one-off last year, while 22 percent of them, mainly locals, would come back frequently. The report also observed some dramatic annual growth for some non-conventional winter sport provinces. Yunnan and Guangdong provinces saw 100 percent and 167 percent more trips to ski venues in 2018, respectively. Zhejiang province was also among the top six most popular ski destinations last year, along with the more traditional wintry areas of Heilongjiang, Hebei and other northern regions. While the number of snow venues continued to grow, An anticipated the rate will slow in 2019. \"The growth rate for snow venues, total skiers and ski-related investment will keep momentum but at a slower pace,\" An said, adding that ice venues will continue to pop up, as they are much more cost-friendly and require less natural resources. \"The biggest bottleneck is energy consumption. For example, Beijing hasn't snowed yet this winter, so obviously all the Beijing ski venues were using artificial snow and burning energy to make them cold,\" An said. \"Thus, it is a key strategy to build attractive ski resorts in places like the Xinjiang Uygur autonomous region and the northeastern provinces.\" \"Having real snow is a massive, unbeatable advantage, and it is an efficient way to lift the local economy\u00a3\u00adespecially in rust belt areas in Northeast China,\" she said. Andreetta also believed that snow sports can power the local economy in the Northeast region. Club Med owns two snow resorts in Heilongjiang and Jilin. \"In northern cities, one of the main businesses for locals is agriculture, which is not that productive in winter,\" he said. \"Working in snow resorts will give them new jobs in winter. We believe mountain travel can bring ecological achievement.\"", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "China UnionPay now has its eyes on public transportation, with its mobile payment service launching in the sector in 20 cities in less than five months, according to a report by Securities Times. The domestic payment service provider and Guangzhou Metro made a joint announcement Tuesday that passengers can use Apple Pay with UnionPay's QuickPass service to directly pass through all subway stations' fare gates in Guangzhou, capital city of Guangdong province, the first of its kind in China. QuickPass is UnionPay's \"tap and go\" application that allows users to complete transactions by scanning QR UnionPay codes or placing their smart mobile devices near the card slots or the near-field communication technology (NFC) reading areas of compatible point-of-sale (POS) terminals. Last week, the service became available in buses, subways, high-speed trains and various kinds of bike-sharing platforms in Hangzhou, Zhejiang province. It has also been used in the intelligent bus projects in Guangdong's Zhaoqin city and Fujian's Longyan city. Passengers can pay the bus fare by UnionPay chip cards, all kind of smartphones' mobile payment solutions with QuickPass or scanning UnionPay QR codes. Public transportation, having a large user group, high frequency of use and position information, is one of the best industries where companies can attract users and collect data, Yu Baicheng, an analyst at wdzj.com said, Beijing Business Today reported. It is expected to become a fierce battle where UnionPay and the third-party payment giants collide.  AliPay's QR code-scanning payment has marched into the public transportation systems of 16 cities including Shanghai, Shenzhen, Hangzhou and Zhengzhou, enabling buying subway tickets and topping up fare cards. WeChat Pay also has launched QR code-scanning payment in six cities' public transportation systems. In Beijing, JDPay, the online payment service of e-commerce giant JD Group, has joined hands with Yitongxing, the official online payment platform for Beijing Subway, to launch QR code-scanning payment, Beijing Business Today reported. However, mobile payment platforms such as WeChat Pay and AliPay still started relatively late in this field, as public transportation systems have already had their own payment companies, Wang Pengbo, an analyst at Analysys, said, according to the report. \"The outside payment companies have to negotiate with the public transportation systems if they want a share,\" Wang said. For UnionPay, the achievement of tapping into 20 cities in less than five months shows its strength in offline payment market, an industry insider told to Beijing Business Today. The payment service provider has built a foundation that it had launched its bank card payment that includes electronic cash in the transportation systems of more than 300 cities late last year.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "The rapid expansion of China's road, rail and air networks has solved most of the traditional problems associated with travel during Spring Festival, such as the fierce competition for tickets and traffic gridlock. Now, the country's transportation authorities are focusing on passenger comfort and convenience. An estimated 2.98 billion journeys are expected to be made during this year's 40 day Spring Festival travel rush, which runs from Feb 1 to March 12, according to the National Development and Reform Commission. The prefestival peak has already approached. According to China Railway Corp, since Feb 1, the national railways handled 89 million trips by Saturday. Leading the way are airports and train stations in major cities, where advanced technology and upgraded facilities have helped remove some of the stress from traveling home or abroad for Lunar New Year, which this year falls on Feb 16. Shen Peilan has had a habit of missing trains and flights in the past, so she would regularly leave her home in Wangjing, northeast Beijing, three hours before her departure time to make sure she made it to her seat in time. On Tuesday, however, when she plans to catch a flight home to Shanghai for the holidays, she will leave just 90 minutes before. \"It'll be a bit of a rush, but the fast lane at Beijing Capital International Airport and the'QR code boarding pass' will save me lots of time,\" the 32-year-old interpreter said. Beijing Capital International Airport, the country's busiest, has opened an express lane for passengers traveling to Shanghai, while those who check-in online will be able to simply present a QR code to pass security checks and the boarding gate. \"I've done online check-in before using the QR code and I haven't missed any flights,\" Shen said. \"It's very fast, and there's no waiting in lines. It cuts out some of the boredom.\" Air China, the nation's flagship carrier, opened eight self check-in baggage desks at Beijing Capital International Airport last month to improve efficiency. They allow passengers on selected services to check their own luggage by putting it on a conveyor belt with no need to line up. The airline also granted travelers on certain air routes at 22 airports worldwide the right to use QR codes on board instead of printed boarding passes. Around 65 million of those journeys will be completed by air, a 10 percent year-on-year growth. Good news for those who like to choose their entertainment or chat with faraway friends mid-flight is that the Civil Aviation Authority of China announced in January that passengers are now allowed to use mobile devices on airplanes. Several carriers, including Hainan Airlines and China-Southern Airlines, have said they will be lifting the ban on smartphones. On the ground, airports are also adding features to make journeys more enjoyable, particularly for parents. Beijing Capital International Airport has set up mother-and-infant rooms equipped with sinks, singlehand operation tables and breastfeeding chairs. Each terminal also has themed play areas to help parents keep their children entertained. Train stations will as usual see a lot more traffic than airports this Spring Festival. The NDRC estimates more than 390 million journeys will be made by rail, up by 8.8 percent compared with the same period last year. China Railway Corp, the national rail operator, launched several measures to improve services and benefit travelers. For example, the official 12306.cn ticket booking system increased the daily sales capability to 15 million tickets from 10 million tickets this year. Catering services have also been upgraded. As well as purchasing food on the train, passengers have been able to order food from station restaurants to be delivered to their seat as soon as the train pulls into the station since mid 2017. However, now the minimum order time has been halved to just one hour before delivery, while the meal options have been increased. Waiting passengers also enjoy better services at train stations. Zhang Chengbin, a construction worker in Guangzhou, has returned to Chongqing every year in the past 10 spring festivals. Each year, he boarded a train at the Guangzhou South Station during the travel rush and has witnessed the change of the station. \"The station's environment becomes better and the service improves, such as the new nursing room and playground,\" he said, while watching his two grandchildren playing at the station's amusement playground, which had a slide and rocking horses. \"Without the nursing room and playground, it was difficult to manage two children,\" he said.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "  Chinese singer Zhou Yanhong recently joined dozens of celebrities at Beijing's Shijia Primary School to unveil a charity project to help left-behind children and underprivileged college students. The program aims to help the talented youth realize music dreams. It's cofounded by the Yanhong Foundation, the Jiang Kun foundation and the school. Zhou shared stories about her dedication to charity and how she invited other celebrities to join her. Several children with hearing impairments from Hebei province performed a dance. They're among the children Zhou has helped. \"What left-behind children need most are company and care. I hope our project will offer them moral support,\" Zhou says. In mid-December, Zhou and celebrities, including singer Guo Feng, will travel to Shaanxi, Gansu and Sichuan provinces to donate tuition fees, living expenses and daily necessities, such as schoolbags and clothes, to children in need.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "China announced on the beginning of this month that it will establish the Xiongan New Area in Hebei province, a strategy crucial for a millennium to come. Let's take a look at some officials and experts who have shared their insights on the Xiongan New Area. He urged strict control on massive property development in the Xiongan New Area and stressed that the pace of development should be reasonable.,  He said Beijing will take actions to support Xiongan New Area to fulfill its own \"duty\".  He said the main tasks are to share resources on infrastructure, transportation and public services between Beijing and Xiongan New Area and to keep increasing Xiongan's attractiveness for facilities with non-capital functions and talents. He said financial support will be provided in areas such as traffic management, ecology, water conservation, energy, and public services projects. Yan added that basic public facilities need to be excellent to attract good talent.,He said that China will explore a new path to reform the property market in the newly established Xiongan New Area in Hebei province.  The reform process will include managing property prices without hurting the real estate industry, making sure those in need of housing could afford one and making the new area attractive for startup founders.  Xiongan will help build a world-class city cluster. Currently, the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei city cluster does not have a large enough economic scale and disparities between the cities are big.  At central and southern Hebei province, there isn't a \"strong\" city and quality of urbanization across Hebei needs improvement. Whether Xiongan can attract talent depends on convenient transportation system and whether the new area can do justice to the high-end talented people.  To develop a green, advanced and highly smart world-class transportation system, the new area should rely on buses to provide high accessibility and supplement the public transport system with bike sharing.          ", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "  As a single-never-married guy, I can now say there comes a tipping point in your relationship with, well, your hometown when you decide \"that's it\" - you'll no longer whine or whinge about its shortcomings or dark side but accept it for what it is with complete resignation or wisdom.  You even discover, and take delight in, its positives or simple pleasures. If you are married to, or irretrievably in love with, a Homo sapiens, you probably know that might-as-well-get-on-with-it feeling.  That feeling dawned over several nights in Beijing, my home for the last two years. Let me propound a theory: If you want to fall in love with your hometown, check it out at night.  You'll forget and forgive the blemishes and the rough edges, or smog or crowded motorways, that the day's light highlights and the night's neon beautifies. Much like...well, you know what I mean.  So, here's my little list of \"all you wanted to love about Beijing but didn't know how\".       Three guys in the 35-50 age-group are hungry around 2 am, after a weekend evening that was a throwback to university days. No problem. Summer's the time to enjoy scrumptious, freshly made, piping hot street food at intersections and on sidewalks. The ubiquitous mobile stalls on three-wheelers and carts are an explosion of flavors: noodles, dumplings, pancakes, omelets, breads and assorted local delicacies that are cooked, stir-fried or steamed. Savor them all without bothering about their names and recipes.   Oh yes, Beijingers love grilled food. The suppliers take care not to violate municipal regulations on burning coal outdoors. The food stalls install the equipment, hobs, chimneys indoors. The veg and nonveg food is served outdoors. Celebrations start after dusk and continue till dawn presumably.   I am yet to figure what, exactly, this army of e-bike-riders in sleeveless jackets does after midnight. They zip past you with receipt book in pocket, and seem to zero-in on wrongly parked vehicles. They display enormous enthusiasm for their work, and are an inspiration.   In size, they are as large as, or perhaps larger than, an airport's tarmac, but these days (rather nights), they get transformed in a jiffy, much like girls who grow up too fast and turn into lovely brides right before your eyes. This ability to upgrade key infrastructure overnight is amazing.   The after-dusk Beijing skyline is a sexy beast. Familiar skyscrapers are draped in glitzy, sophisticated lights that conjure dynamic colors, wavy patterns and sleek shapes. Not exactly a novelty, but they still take your breath away. The best views can be had from a moving vehicle on an overpass.   Hectic construction means gigantic cranes, and aluminum ladders are suspended at impossible heights and angles. The background of night sky and artificial light create a weird geometry that can produce Zen moments.   Convenient, reliable; available always. Didi rocks.   Seriously. Streets, arteries and ring roads throb. Even between midnight and dawn, you'll feel reassured you're never alone in Beijing.  Contact the writer at siva@chinadaily.com.cn    (China Daily 09/25/2017 page2)", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "BEIJING - The consensuses reached during economic and trade consultations between China and the United States meet the interests of the people of the two countries and whole world, Chinese Vice-Premier Liu He said on Monday. Liu, just returned from the United states, referred to the talks as \"positive, pragmatic, and productive\" with some important consensuses reached. The vice -premier made the remarks while meeting some attendees at the fourth China-US governors' forum. Liu expressed hope that the two sides would take the forum as an opportunity to further advance all-round pragmatic cooperation at the local level and promote stable and sound development of bilateral ties. Bill Walker, governor of Alaska and John Sanchez, lieutenant governor of New Mexico, were among attendees at the forum. They told Liu that the whole world is celebrating for the consensuses reached between China and the United States on economic and trade issues. They pledged to further strengthen cooperation with China in such areas as trade, investment, green development and people-to-people exchanges at the local level, so as to make positive contribution to bilateral ties. Also Monday, Foreign Ministry spokesperson Lu Kang told a daily news briefing that China expects no further reversals in trade and economic ties with the United States. \"If the governments of the two countries reach a good agreement and results that are acceptable to both, they should stick to the agreement. Of course, we do not want to see any reversal,\" said Lu. Based on the experiences of the past four decades, the fundamental reason why both nations have been able to manage disputes has been that the relationship is in the best interest of both countries and their people, he added. \"We hope that the China-US trade and economic relations, which are mutually beneficial and win-win in nature, will play a more effective role,\" said the spokesperson.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Having seen the ETU School in Beijing develop from an idea to a facility with 15 full-time teachers and more than 30 students, co-founder Li Yinuo is confident of success and feels ready to take the next step. \"Our goal for 2017 is to expand our school from the current scale of K-Grade 1 (kindergarten to Grade 1) to K-Grade 3, which means a further 80 or 90 students will be recruited in the academic year that will begin in September,\" said the mother of three, a former partner at McKinsey, a global management consultancy, in Beijing and Palo Alto, California.     ETU is located on the campus of the No 80 High School in Beijing's Chaoyang district. Although it has just three classrooms and one teachers' room, the school has attracted attention from parents disillusioned with standardized, test-oriented education in traditional schools. A large number of education specialists seeking innovation in the field have also expressed an interest. When ETU's spring semester started in February, Feng Shu transferred her 6-year-old son to the new project from an international school near Beijing's North Fifth Ring Road. \"Although the facilities and hardware at ETU are not as fancy as those at my son's previous school, I took the decision to bring him here because I believe that rather than producing 'testing machines', ETU tries its best to help children discover themselves and help them to become happy, fulfilled people,\" the Beijing resident said. The idea of establishing the school came to Li early last year when she was trying to move her family back to Beijing from California's Silicon Valley. Like many parents, Li found it hard to find an ideal place for her eldest son. \"Our efforts to find a satisfactory school ended in vain because the public ones available to us were too uniform and reliant on tests, while international schools offer an education that is too Westernized and lacks Chinese roots,\" she said. Li is not alone in her concerns. Yang Dongping, director of the 21st Education Research Institute, a think tank in Beijing, said many parents are concerned and dissatisfied with their children's education. They believe State schools are too reliant on exams, and the excessive workload exerts too much pressure on children. \"But for a long time, parents could only face this education system with an attitude of 'tolerate, criticize and go back to tolerating',\" he said, adding that many parents choose to break the cycle by sending their children to study overseas. That dissatisfaction may be one of the driving forces behind a recent exodus of children. At the end of 2015, almost 35,000 Chinese children were studying at K-12 level in the US, according to a report published last year by Eol, a leading Chinese education portal. In 2010, the number was about 9,000. Li was reluctant to follow that path because she didn't want her son to grow up as a \"foreigner\", knowing little about Chinese language and culture. She said she had seen many young Chinese in the US \"suffering from a vague national identity and failing to integrate into either community\". In her opinion, the ideal education should be tailored to inspire, motivate and protect children's intrinsic desire to learn, tap their potential, discover their strengths and help them become the person they want to be. It also should help them grow up as globally competent citizens, or as she described it, \"truly Chinese, truly global\". According to Yang, rather than complaining and leaving, many parents, particularly well-educated couples in big cities, are now trying a \"third way\" by conducting educational experiments and exploring diverse forms of learning, such as homeschooling, which is discouraged by the education authorities.,Li was not the first parent in China to decide to establish a school, but for people with no track record of running such a venture, setting one up is easier said than done. From the beginning, she kept asking herself where she would find the key elements, such as funding, a venue, the requisite permits and a source of teachers and students. \"We were really lucky, because we received so much assistance and support that all the difficulties were overcome one by one,\" she said. Having reached an agreement to cooperate with the Beijing No 80 High School, Li and her co-founders opened ETU just 170 days after the idea first occurred to her. The initial plan was to recruit 24 students for the first semester, but ETU received more than 150 applications. Thirty-one students were finally accepted. Despite their different educations and professional backgrounds, the first batch of ETU parents shared one thing in common\u00a3\u00ada desire to find an education that would help their children achieve their personal goals. Moreover, they want the school to not only cultivate globally competent talents, but also instill a true appreciation of Chinese culture, especially at a time when East and West are becoming increasingly intertwined. In addition to selecting students, Li said the parents' trust and belief in ETU and the personalized education the school tries to offer counted greatly during the admission process, especially during the first year. \"After all, in China's current position, and in many people's eyes, sending one's children to a school like ETU may seem like a big risk,\" she conceded.,Like their peers at public schools, ETU students learn Chinese, math and English using the Ministry of Education's textbooks and curriculum. Unlike their State-educated peers, though, the students at ETU are taught in an innovative and personalized way that puts them at the center of the class, with their voices being heard and their needs being met by the teachers, according to Guo Xiaoyue, ETU's principal. For example, when the students are learning Chinese characters, instead of memorizing and writing them out dozens of times, they are encouraged to think about the symbols and discuss why they should learn them. They are also encouraged to note the characters they see in their daily lives, study them on their own and then teach them to their classmates. In addition, ETU also includes STEAM\u00a3\u00adthe collective name for science, technology, engineering, arts and math\u00a3\u00adin project-based learning, or PBL, a type of class that requires teachers across all subjects to design the content and teach the class together, rather than working alone. The teachers are not expected to simply deliver knowledge, but also to answer the students' questions and guide them to think, research and make things on their own. \"Our teachers spend a lot of time working together every day in the belief that PBL is a very effective way for children to learn. It can inspire their natural instincts to learn and explore the unknown,\" said Guo, who has run her own innovative education program in Beijing since 2013. Xiang Rong, a teacher of Chinese at ETU, defined a good education as \"being able to fill children's eyes with the light of curiosity\". That's why, having taught at different schools in China for more than two decades, from primary level all the way up to college, she decided to transfer to the new school. \"Right here in ETU's classrooms, I feel we are doing things correctly. We are not fast, but every step we take is firm and solid,\" she said. Guo has decided to enroll her 6-year-old daughter at ETU in September: \"She liked the school at first sight.\"", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "Editor's Note: The Xiongan New Area, a new economic zone in Hebei province, some 100 kilometers southwest of Beijing, will mark the first anniversary of its inception on April 1 this year. The new zone is seen as an important area of national significance after the Shenzhen Special Economic Zone and the Shanghai Pudong New Area and a historic project \"crucial for the millennium to come\". Xiongan New Area is also a historic and strategic choice made by the Communist Party of China (CPC) Central Committee with Xi Jinping as the core. It will help phase out some non-capital functions from Beijing, explore a new model of optimized development in densely-populated areas, restructure the urban layout in the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region, promote high-quality development and create a new engine for the modernized economy. On Thursday, senior CPC leaders stressed efforts to build Xiongan New Area into a \"high-quality modern socialist city.\" Design of the new area has made significant progress on the basis of thorough investigation, feedback from various parties, and revisions and improvements. Here, we provide our readers with some glimpses of the progress that has been made.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "The Beijing International Horticultural Exhibition has seen more than 1.54 million visitors as of May 27, a month after it opened to the public, the Beijing International Horticultural Exhibition Coordination Bureau said. According to data released by the bureau, 1.15 million people have visited the China Pavilion, more than 1.18 million people the International Pavilion, 803,000 the Botany Pavilion and 660,000 people the Life Experience Pavilion. In the past month, 567 events have been held, presenting art performances and introducing foreign countries and China's provinces, cities and autonomous regions. The service app \"Expo 2019\" has been downloaded 470,000 times. The website of the expo has seen 68.4 million visits. With the theme of \"Live Green, Live Better,\" the expo opened to the public on April 29 at the foot of the Great Wall in the capital's Yanqing District and will last until Oct 7.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Beijing-based artist Yin Xiuzhen, 55, is known for utilizing everyday objects, such as used clothes of her own and those she collects from others, in creating her work, something that distinguishes her feminine sensitivity. She used secondhand clothes of black, gray and white in a 6-meter-high installation, titled Trojan, which stood as the centerpiece of her exhibition at Pace Beijing earlier this year. The towering work depicts a figure braced-for-impact on an airplane, stirring discomfort and an unsettling feeling within the viewer. Conversely, people can walk into the installation via a door at the rear, and the spacious interior gives them a comforting sense of safety, like that of an unborn child in the womb. With this piece, Yin points to the loneliness, insecurity and anxieties that haunt individuals in our modern society. Yin also made an artistic material from a river as a way to dwell on the relationship between humans and nature. In a performance piece from the 1990s, entitled Cleaning River, she gathered water from a polluted river in Chengdu, Sichuan province, and froze it into ice cubes. She transported them back to the riverside, and asked people to brush the ice clean. Yin's work brings these unnoticeable materials, which often encapsulate private experiences and demands, to the public's attention. Her approach exposes people to the paradox that one takes delight in a highly developed, material world, yet, at the same time, cherishes the simplicity and peace of a lifestyle rooted in the past. People will find a similar sentiment in Yin's recent presentation, Walking, Thinking, a beautiful, serene forest of 500 pairs of hanging shoes that occupy a whole exhibition hall at Museum of Contemporary Art Yinchuan in the Ningxia Hui autonomous region. The single-installation exhibition is the seventh installment of the museum's \"made in China\" project\u00a3\u00adwhere it invites one artist to produce site-specific work using local materials\u00a3\u00adthrough which the museum hopes to encourage people to think about the truly valuable ideas of Chinese culture and philosophy. Yin says she collects used clothes as a way to collect people's varied memories. For this exhibition, she and the museum launched a campaign among Yinchuan's residents months earlier to donate a pair of shoes they feel especially attached to.,Shoes are the bearers of people's bodies and experiences; they show a person's aesthetic views, as well as the choice of his or her life's path, Yin says. Around 600 pairs of shoes were delivered to the museum, and Yin chose 500 of them. They are of men and women, the young and the elderly. Some have the patina of age upon them, like they're no longer being used, while others look fashionable and expensive. The shoes were cleaned and dried, and each pair is suspended by a long fabric rope\u00a3\u00adwhich varies in color from white, pink, nude and brown and was tailor-made in Beijing and transported to Yinchuan. \"The ropes were produced to look like our legs,\" Yin explains, \"but they are of exaggerated length to symbolize that, as we keep walking, our experiences grow.\" People were asked to write the stories of the shoes they chose to contribute to Yin's work and, as visitors walk deeper into the forest of \"legs\", they will find a standing glass box in the middle of it. Inside, there are a selection of the notes written by the shoes' owners that Yin finds touching and thought provoking. Li Yiman, 34, one of the footwear donors, wrote about how she tracked down a pair of girl's plastic sandals in the style of the 1980s. Li runs a coffee shop in the city of Wuzhong, a 40-minute drive from MOCA Yinchuan, which she frequents and where she first learned of Yin's project. Li wanted to donate the pink sandals she wore a lot during her childhood, but they had been thrown away. With the help of a friend in Shanghai, she found a similar pair which cost her 300 yuan ($43). \"When I opened the delivery box and saw the shoes, I was overwhelmed by my happy childhood memories,\" she says. \"Suddenly I felt a bit unwilling to give the shoes away. I wanted to hang them in my shop.\" Yin observes: \"People sent us not only shoes but warm, and sometimes lost memories that could be shared, together, with honesty.\" She says we still feel lonely even among others. \"Every lonely soul is like the fabric leg in this forest. We move forward through these shoes, it is like we encounter different people in society. We observe each other, feel each other and try to find empathic emotions.\" Zhang Yun from MOCA Yinchuan's publicity department says that many owners say the shoes mean so much to them and ask if they can be returned after the exhibition ends. Song Dong, Yin's husband and an established artist in his own right, spent a week at the museum helping complete the installation. \"You can find in this forest of shoes the changes of time and the course of history, also you can feel the differences between men and women and gap between generations in the way they view relationships, fashion styles and consumption,\" he says. \"It is as if we step into someone else's walk of life, and then we try to think the way they do, comparing it with ourselves. This process truly shows the enchanting side of art.\" 10 am-5 pm, Tuesday to Sunday, through Dec 30. 12 Helu Road, Xingqing district, Yinchuan. 0951-8426-111.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "A sports guideline for China's preschool children aged 3-6 was published on June 9 in Beijing, specifying that daily exercises for those in the age group should be no less than 180 minutes a day in line with their physical health development. The intensity and variety of sports are two major themes in the guideline, which was jointly authorized by the Beijing Sport University, the Children's Hospital with the Capital Institute of Pediatrics, and the Sport Science Research Institute under the General Administration of Sport of China. Its contents also ranges from physical science, pediatrics, and public hygiene, aiming to improve the physical health of children across the nation when they face ever-increasing health problems such as obesity and shortsightedness. It is recommended that young people should engage in various kinds of activities during the daily 180-minute exercises, including medium-or-above intense activities no less than 60 minutes and outdoor sports for about 120 minutes a day, according to the guideline.", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "A man\u00a1\u00afs appeal against a conviction for illegally buying products made of ivory has been rejected, Beijing No 2 Intermediate People\u00a1\u00afs Court said on Monday. The 48-year-old man, surnamed Lei, from Hebei province, was earlier sentenced to nine years and six months in prison by Beijing\u00a1\u00afs Xicheng district court for illegally purchasing endangered wildlife products. The illegally bought ivory was worth about 900,000 yuan ($129,595), according to the district court, which also fined Lei 10,000 yuan. Lei was unhappy with the verdict and appealed to the intermediate people\u00a1\u00afs court. \u00a1\u00b0But after a review, we found the facts and evidence identified by the lower court were true and sufficient,\u00a1\u00b1 the intermediate court said in a statement. Lei\u00a1\u00afs behavior breached the Criminal Law, and the amount of ivory he bought was large, it said. The law stipulates that people who illegally purchase endangered wildlife products should be jailed for between five and 10 years if the circumstances are serious. \u00a1\u00b0The original judgment should be upheld, as the conviction and sentence were correctly in line with the law,\u00a1\u00b1 the intermediate people\u00a1\u00afs court said. In October 2017, Lei paid 200,000 yuan to buy about 17 kilograms of ivory products via WeChat, the Chinese instant-messaging app. He was caught by police on Nov 8 last year after paying another 26,000 yuan on WeChat to buy 4.42 kg of ivory products.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "BEIJING - China said on Thursday that unilateralism and trade protectionism will inevitably harm others without benefiting oneself as the global economy is deeply integrated. Foreign Ministry spokesperson Hua Chunying made the remarks when asked to comment on a US Federal Reserve report released Wednesday. According to the report, known as the beige book, businesses in much of the US reported significant price increases for steel and aluminum products, because of tariffs on steel and aluminum imports. It also said that firms in multiple sectors, including manufacturing and transportation, expressed concern about the tariffs' impact. Hua quoted a report from the Brookings Institution saying the US-China trade war will result in the loss of more than 2.1 million jobs in 2,700 US counties. In March, 107 Republican members of congress signed a letter urging President Donald Trump not to go through his tariff plan. In the letter, the lawmakers wrote: \"we urge you to reconsider the idea of broad tariffs to avoid unintended negative consequences to the US economy and its workers.\" At a working lunch with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe on Wednesday, Trump said the word \"reciprocal\" will be the primary word that the US is going to be using. \"China, as an example, when they send a car to us, it's 2.5 percent tax. When we send a car to them, number one, they don't take it, and number two, it's 25 percent tax,\" Trump said. When asked to comment on Trump's remarks, Hua retorted with facts: First, the US charges 2.5 percent tariff on imported cars but 25 percent on imported trucks; Second, China has set a maximum tariff of 25 percent for whole vehicles, but only 10 percent for auto parts; Third, most of the American cars sold to China are produced by the subsidiaries of the US automobile companies in China. Hua said General Motors(GM) sold about 4 million cars in China in 2017, and Cadillac has sold more cars in China than in the United States. \"It should be said that American auto companies have enjoyed a huge dividend in China,\" said Hua. On the other hand, the US exported more than 280,000 vehicles to China in 2017, while China exported only 53,000 vehicles to the US, said Hua, noting that it makes no sense to compare the import tax rates for whole vehicles of China and the US. With regard to \"reciprocal\", Hua said as far as tariffs are concerned, the WTO does not have the principle of tariff reciprocity and WTO members also have different levels of tariffs. Reciprocity and fairness can not speak for themselves, so standards can not be formulated according to one's own interests and needs, she said. \"Instead, we must rely on equal consultations to formulate unified international rules and standards and we must all respect them,\" said Hua. To trade under coercion is by no means reciprocal and fair, she said, warning that self-righteous action may end up with suffering the consequences. When answering a question about whether China's recent opening-up initiatives in the automobile industry are in response to US pressure, Hua said China will advance reform and opening-up in accordance with the established goals and pace. She said China's full liberalization of manufacturing industry is a clear indication of its opposition to trade and investment protectionism. China supports the extensive and in-depth development of economic globalization and supports Chinese and foreign enterprises in achieving common development on a level playing field, she said. \"We welcome all countries to share the opportunities of China's opening-up and development,\" said Hua. She noted that whoever engages in protectionism against China means that he has closed the door to China.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "China's e-commerce giant JD.com has launched robot deliveries in Beijing's Haidian district, reports zjol.com.cn. Various automatic delivery vehicles were formally put into service on June 18, 2018 after a trial run. The largest vehicle is able to carry 30 parcels at once.,The driverless vehicles operate at a top speed of 15 kilometers per hour. JD.com says their vehicles are able to avoid any barriers on the road, and also adhere to the traffic lights.,Customers will receive an instant message to pick up their delivery. Customers can choose to accept their packages by either facial recognition, passwords or via JD.com's mobile app.,JD.com piloted robot deliveries at Renmin University of China in Beijing a year ago. The company is planning to launch its autonomous delivery vehicles in dozens of Chinese cities in the near future.", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "Aboard the train designated C2022, attendant supervisor Xu Ying walks down the aisles checking luggage safety and sanitary conditions. The high-speed train, running at more than 300 kilometers per hour, takes 35 minutes from Tianjin to Beijing. Passengers read magazines, bury themselves in their phones or simply doze off. \"Now people are used to high-speed trains, but the situation was different 10 years ago,\" Xu said. \"Many left their seats to look here and there. Even the bathrooms became resorts.\" On Aug 1, 2008, China's first high-speed railway line-from Beijing to Tianjin-began operations. Many passengers, including foreigners who came to watch the Beijing Olympics that year, simply wanted to experience travel by high-speed train. \"They kept staring at the display showing the train's speed and watching outside to feel it,\" Xu said. Some passengers would ask Xu to pose for photos with them. David Feng of Switzerland, who teaches at a Beijing university, wrote about his feelings aboard the fast train that day. \"Speeds maxed out at 348 km/h near the northern suburbs of Tianjin. It took me around just 30 minutes to change cities-something basically impossible to believe until that day.\" The daily frequency of Beijing-Tianjin one-way intercity trains has increased from 94 to 217, with 250 million passengers transported in the past decade, according to the Beijing Railway Bureau. Njeri Kamau of Kenya teaches English at a kindergarten in Tianjin. She takes the high-speed train every Friday afternoon to meet her husband, who works in Beijing. The high-speed train has made it so much easier to maintain the long distance relationship, she said. The first high-speed railway in North China's Inner Mongolia autonomous region was completed on Tuesday. The 287-km line passes Hohhot and Ulanqab, and then goes to Zhangjiakou in neighboring Hebei province. It is expected to start operations at the end of 2019 along with the Beijing-Zhangjiakou high-speed railway. The two lines will reduce travel time between Beijing and Hohhot from nine hours to three. By then, all provincial-level regions on the Chinese mainland will have high-speed trains, except the Tibet autonomous region. The length of high-speed railway lines in China hit 25,000 km as of the end of last year, accounting for two-thirds of the world's total. More than 4,000 bullet trains run in China, carrying 4 million passengers every day, according to the China Railway Corp. When Han Yonghui first left his home in Xiangfen, Shanxi province, to open a small restaurant in 1997, he had to walk for an hour to the nearest train station and wait in line overnight to buy a ticket before boarding a packed slow train that took him to Tianjin in 18 sweltering hours. All that changed when high-speed trains reached Han's hometown in 2014, cutting his travel time to Beijing, where he runs a restaurant, to six hours. \"My high-school children are able to come to visit every summer vacation,\" Han said. A high-speed railway connecting Beijing and Guangzhou has shortened the travel time across the 2,300-km distance to eight hours. The new Fuxing bullet trains travel at 350 km/h, going from Beijing to Shanghai in four hours and 18 minutes. By 2020, the length of China's high-speed rail lines is expected to reach 30,000 km, covering 80 percent of major cities. A network of eight east-west high-speed rail lines and eight north-south lines will be built, according to a railway development plan. High-speed rail has helped with the integrated regional development of Beijing, Tianjin and Hebei province, a national strategy initiated in 2014. Wang Ye from Beijing takes the C2205 to work every morning. In 24 minutes, the train takes her to Tianjin's Wuqing district, where Wang works at a factory that manufactures train parts, Tieke Zongheng. Of the 150-plus employees in the factory, more than 20 commute from Beijing every day. \"High-speed trains have made the intercity commute possible,\" Wang said. Wuqing has attracted more than 8,200 projects from Beijing over the past five years, including Tieke Zongheng. Investment in these projects has totaled 51.6 billion yuan ($7.6 billion), according to the district government. The Beijing, Tianjin and Hebei region has showcased the high-speed railway economy. High-speed rail symbolizes the new structure of the Chinese economy, influencing all aspects of society. By the end of 2017, China's high-speed trains had carried more than 7 billion passengers. Cargo delivery via high-speed trains started in 2016, with more than 500 cities used as pilot areas for express services. China's high-speed rail has also gone global. In 2014, China completed the construction of its first overseas high-speed rail in Turkey. In June 2015, China and Russia inked deals for 770 km of track connecting Moscow and Kazan. In October 2015, China and Indonesia signed a joint-venture on the construction of a high-speed rail between Jakarta and Bandung. Huang Yanghua, an associate researcher at the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, believes high-speed rail had saved time, helped integrate the regional economy, boosted the flow of talent and information, and reshaped China's economic map. Xinhua", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Three districts in Beijing are rolling out electronic parking meters to improve order on the city's roadsides. More than 13,000 electronic parking meters have been installed along the roads in Beijing's Dongcheng, Xicheng and Tongzhou districts, Rong Jun, deputy director of the city's municipal transport commission, said at a news conference during the second session of the 15th Beijing Municipal People's Congress on Jan 15. Rong said 166 roads with 13,644 parking spaces in three pilot districts will be reorganized. \"It also will become much easier for drivers to tell which areas are suitable for parking,\" he said. The electronic devices will measure how long a car is parked and calculate the fee. More than 500,000 vehicles park along the capital's streets every night, according to the city's transport commission, while there are only 70,000 marked spots. This results in cars randomly parked on the streets, occupying bicycle lanes, community green spaces and fire access lanes. Huang Yubin, 32, from Haidian district who had been driving in Beijing for eight years, said the parking difficulties had bothered him some time. \"Especially in downtown areas, such as Wangfujing Street, I need to spend twice the time to search for the right parking spot, and the fee is also double,\" he said. \"The electronic toll will open up more spaces and save me time.\" A driver for Didi, the car-hailing service, surnamed Zhang, said finding a parking spot is a headache for him every night. He said the electronic parking fees might be higher as the city's current parking standard doesn't charge for the first 15 minutes. In the daytime it costs 2.5 yuan for every 15 minutes, and 15 yuan per hour at night, Zhang said. \"When the electronic meters are put into use, the meters will be more accurate.\" Parking signs in Beijing have been upgraded, and some parking spots have been highlighted with white lines. According to the city's municipal transport commission, six districts in the downtown area of the capital will be using the electronic parking meters by July. Deputies and experts at the city's two sessions applauded the move. Pei Hongwei, president of the Beijing Municipal Road and Bridge Group, a deputy to the Beijing People's Congress, said, \"The move will also largely solve the capital's urban disease by making roads much cleaner.\" ", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Zhang Fan, 33, stopped by a newsstand one recent Sunday morning near his home in Beijing to buy a magazine, only to find the stand had been shut down. Zhang, a designer living on the Guangqumenwai street in Chaoyang district, used to visit a stand just 500 meters from his residential community to buy newspapers and magazines. But since he started to read news and other material on his phone, he can count on one hand the number of times he has visited the stand in the past year. He had not even noticed it had been closed for the past four months. Due to falling demand for newspapers and magazines, newsstands in many cities have been closing. They have also been criticized for obstructing roads and sidewalks and for generally being eyesores. The Beijing municipal government has decided to upgrade and regulate the city's newsstands by turning them into \"innovative reading spaces\" and \"convenient service providers\" to better serve the public. Li Zhigang, who is in his 40s and comes from Anhui province, runs a different newsstand in Guangqumenwai. \"I haven't been given any notice of closure, but I noticed most newsstands within the Second Ring Road were torn down this year,\" he said. \"I don't know any details about the new policy, but I hope I can continue my business.\" According to the Beijing Municipal Commission of City Management, the city's newsstands will be better located based on passenger flow, the number of people living in nearby residential communities, and public demand. Under the plan drafted by the commission and the Beijing Municipal Commerce Bureau, newsstands will become more like convenience stores and be \"more fashionable\". The plan has been submitted to the municipal government for approval. An official with the commission, who declined to be named, said the plan clearly states that the number of newsstands in the city should be based on public need. \"There is no easy way to solve the contradiction between people who love the printed word and have the habit of buying from the newsstands, and the owners' continued operational losses,\" the official said. \"It's also difficult to decide which department is responsible for footing the bill to upgrade newsstands.\",The commission - and many people in Beijing - wants the streets to be wider and cleaner. With this in mind, it introduced a regulation in summer last year banning all 352 newsstands in the downtown districts of Dongcheng and Xicheng from selling food and drinks. Three stands were closed for selling food illegally. Since then, many stands in the two districts have closed because most of their business came from food and drinks, while sales of newspapers and magazines were highly unprofitable. There are 1,186 newsstands in the city, of which 306 - that are not in the two districts - are licensed to sell food and drinks. The closure of stands has attracted public attention, with many people, especially the elderly, strongly opposed to administrative intervention, as they have happy memories of visiting them. Some people raised the idea of introducing newspaper vending machines, which are clean and convenient, but China Post Group is unwilling to pay for them as it believes they would be too costly to set up and they would not make a profit, according to an industry insider who declined to be named. The official with the commission said: \"The new policy has considered all aspects, and attempts to solve problems. We put the public interest first. The city will not keep a newsstand running for just a few people. Also, we won't remove a stand that has a good turnover. It all depends on the market and needs.\" Generally, newsstands will be closer to their customers after they are moved to residential communities or become part of convenience stores. The government will make those that remain more attractive, the official said. Newsstands may be facing pressures now, but they have had their good days. Yang Na, who is in her 50s and comes from Hebei province, started running a stand in Beijing in 1998. In 2002, she bought her first apartment in the capital for 400,000 yuan - money she made from selling newspapers and magazines. Before the internet became widely available, and with Beijing being the country's cultural and political center, most people liked to get their news from newspapers and television bulletins. In 1997, the Beijing municipal government made setting up newsstands a city-level project and approved 75 stands that year.,In 1999, the city began setting up newsstands on a large scale. Two years later, the authorities decided to regulate the stands through an overall planning, management and supply channel. The peak year was 2008, when the city had 2,500 newsstands, more than twice the number now. At that time, Yang's stand only sold newspapers and magazines. Her profit was about 7,000 yuan a month. Ten years later, she makes almost the same amount with the help of food and drink sales. \"I miss the days in 2007 when I sold several boxes of fashion magazines each day,\" she said. On Jan 9, 2007, Steve Jobs, chairman, CEO and co-founder of Apple Inc, announced the arrival of the iPhone at his company in the United States. Since then, smartphones and the mobile internet have rapidly changed the reading habits of people worldwide. Yang said: \"From 2009, business started to decline. And it's never picked up again.\" During a one-hour interview with Yang at her newsstand, seven customers arrived to buy drinks; four bought cigarettes and only one bought a newspaper. The man who bought the paper said: \"It's very convenient to have newsstands. I hope they will be kept by the authorities. As for food and drinks, I don't care. If they want to ban them for safety reasons, this is fine by me.\" A customer who bought cigarettes said he had not bought any newspapers or magazines at this stand for years, adding, \"It's just a cigarettes stand for me.\",Yang said she might start another small business, or retire if she cannot continue to run her newsstand. \"If there is a chance, I hope I can continue my newsstand business because I have been doing this for so long and many people living nearby come to buy newspapers or magazines regularly. We have become friends despite only exchanging a few words over the years. People know me,\" she said. More important, Yang said business is not as bad as some people think. As long as she can continue to sell food, drinks and cigarettes, the income can sustain her in Beijing, despite the high cost of living. According to China Post Group, the country had 30,506 newsstands at the end of 2014 - 20,000 fewer than in 2008. With the rise of the internet, and with newsstands starting to create problems such as obstructing roads and sidewalks, some cities have taken strict and quick action. In 2009, Wuxi city, Jiangsu province, removed 1,241 newsstands. In 2012, Zhengzhou, capital of Henan province, dismantled all 421 stands in the city and authorities said newspapers and magazines could only be sold in stores. Luo Ping, a writer who lives in Beijing's Tongzhou district, wrote to the authorities last year, saying that newsstands are still an important part of the city's public cultural system and should not be neglected. She received a reply thanking her for her letter, and saying her views would be taken into account. However, she still fears for the stands' future.,\"It is not easy to build a network of newsstands in a city. They are the closest cultural facilities to ordinary people,\" Luo said. \"They have a reason to exist.\" Luo suggested that newsstand owners could try to sell innovative cultural products such as paper cuts and needlework to make up for the losses from selling newspapers. However, all items sold at newsstands need to be approved by the authorities. Ding Xiaozhe, 43, an accountant, said of the disappearance of newsstands near his home in Dongcheng district: \"It's a natural choice. Things that no longer fit with the times will be abandoned or fade away, which is reasonable.\" Ding loves to read and was a loyal buyer of the magazines National Geographic and Chinese National Geography at newsstands. \"Every time I moved apartments, I had to carry several heavy boxes of my prized magazines,\" he said. \"I love good memories, but times change. We can read so much information on cellphones, and order digital magazines online. There's really no need to keep that many newsstands. Generally speaking, it's a waste of social resources to keep something that's old-fashioned.\" Despite differing opinions about newsstands, the Beijing municipal government has decided to find a way to keep streets clean while allowing some of the stands to remain with upgraded facilities. In 2014, the central government outlined the capital's core functions as the country's political, cultural, international communications, and scientific and technological innovation center.,Since then, as an ancient and traditional city, Beijing has started to use its advantages to strengthen its position as a cultural center. Measures have been introduced to protect old streets and relics, build new cultural landmarks, improve the libraries' network and service, host cultural activities and provide subsidies to support bookstores. Meanwhile, in Russia, the government has drafted a plan, suggesting there should be a newsstand for every 1,500 residents. In Paris, the authorities have attempted to expand the business scope of newsstands and reduce rents to help the owners. They allow the stands to sell food, drinks, souvenirs and candies to increase income. In Japan, there are convenience stores on nearly every street. Each community has more than one such store, which sell newspapers and magazines. Wang Hui, 33, the mother of a 6-year-old boy in Beijing, said she often buys cartoon and other magazines at a newsstand for him on her way home. \"I want to protect his eyes by reducing the time he spends on his cellphone and other digital devices. He likes reading magazines. It's better to buy them at newsstands, because in that way I don't need to subscribe for a whole year,\" she said. \"I think that reading decides our kids' futures. No matter whether there are newsstands or other places selling newspapers and magazines, reading will always continue in some way.\"", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "BEIJING - American cherry vendor Marc Pflugrath worries the trade friction between the United States and China will hurt his business. \"I have a lot of concerns about the current actions that have been taken on trade and tariffs. The fact that China is an important customer makes us very vulnerable. I think this is significant, real and serious for rural America,\" he said. Pflugrath is one of the millions of American business owners likely to bear the brunt of a potential trade war started by their own government. The United States is one of the largest exporters of fruit through Tmall, the Chinese online retail platform operated by Alibaba Group. According to Tmall figures, of the 168 billion yuan (about $26.6 billion) in transactions during the November 11 Singles' Day sales last year, 40 percent were from global dealers and retailers, many of which are headquartered in the United States. A manager who gave his name as Su, from Taiwan Kingo Fruit Trade Group, said Chinese consumers buy about 10 percent of the United States' cherries every year. The CIF (Cost, Insurance and Freight) cost of US cherries is about 6 yuan per kilo and that of Chilean cherries is 7 yuan per kilo. But if the tariffs are raised on US cherries, they will completely lose their price advantage and concede the Chinese market to competitors, he said. \"This will be a direct blow to cherry farmers in the United States. We have a stable supply from Chile, and the impact for us is quite limited,\" he said. US President Donald Trump announced last Thursday he had instructed the US Trade Representative to consider additional tariffs on $100 billion of Chinese imports, after announcing plans to impose a 25-percent duty on Chinese imports worth 50 billion dollars. China said it will \"fight till the end at any cost\" and take \"comprehensive countermeasures.\" Hong Kong businessman Stone Lu blasted the US administration's logic on the tariff hike, saying it is unreasonable. Lu has plastic bag factories in Hong Kong and Changzhou in Jiangsu province. His company buys technical solutions from US companies Dow Chemical Company and Dupont. \"If the downstream orders for plastic bags are reduced, my factories will be forced to cut production and manpower, but upstream American companies will also bear losses. Their prosperity depends on orders from companies like us,\" he said. A tariff hike will cause a drop in orders, and the risks will be borne by each and every company along the globalized industry chain, he said. In the long term, big, small and medium companies in the United States will become entangled. \"Should a depression be caused, it will be difficult for American manufacturers to endure,\" Lu said. \"Tariff hikes would prevent Chinese goods from entering the American market, and the American people will have to pay higher prices for the same consumer goods. In a sense, their earnings will be hollowed out. If a trade war breaks out, the United States will hemorrhage jobs,\" said Yu Miaojie, deputy director of National School of Development at Peking University. \"China-US trade is already deeply intertwined. Free trade and adapting to globalization is the right thing to do,\" he said.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Maliandao in southwestern Beijing is known as one of the country's biggest tea markets. It was also one of the two venues of this year's China International Tea Expo, from June 16 to 19. It also was held at the Beijing Exhibition Center.  Varieties of Chinese tea from major production regions were on show, including Fujian, Anhui, Jiangxi and Hunan provinces, as well as this year's guest city of honor, Zunyi in Guizhou province. Also seen at the fair were tea sets, zisha teapots, snacks made of tea and costume designs inspired by long-standing tea culture, attracting tens of thousands of visitors. Maliandao also hosted a tea culture festival with a diverse program. International students in Beijing were invited to a tasting activity, artists from across the country demonstrated tea ceremonies at a competition, and Wang Xiulan, vice-chairman of Beijing Tea Marketing Association, gave a lecture on herbal tea.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Traditional Chinese arts and crafts are being presented through a dance drama by the Beijing Dance Academy that is now touring Europe. Fen Mo (When Painting Comes Alive), the dance drama, is being staged in nine cities in five countries from Jan 17 at venues ranging from the National Theater of Novi Sad, Serbia, to the Palace of Arts (MUPA) of Budapest in Hungary. The dance drama premiered at the Tianqiao Theater in Beijing in 2009. It features 31 students from the Beijing dance school, all of whom major in traditional Chinese dance. The Europe tour ends on Tuesday. Consisting of five chapters, Fen Mo has borrowed elements from traditional Chinese culture, such as Peking Opera, ink painting, paper art and tai chi, to display the beauty of Chinese paintings in particular. So far, the dance drama has attracted more than 5,000 audience members during its ongoing tour. According to Pang Dan, director of the traditional Chinese dance department at the Beijing Dance Academy, the tour is the school's first such large-scale presentation in Europe. \"We are trying to break with conventional storytelling in dance dramas. With Fen Mo, we use symbols that represent traditional Chinese culture to communicate with the audience,\" says Pang, who is also one of the choreographers of the dance drama. Fen Mo was revised in 2016 to celebrate the 55th anniversary of the founding of the dance school. Pang says traditional Chinese dance was set up as a subject to research and teach at the school more than 60 years ago. The evolution of traditional Chinese dance has been a major subject there. Fen Mo was born as an attempt to show its direction. Dong Jiaming performs one of the five chapters, titled Dan. In the chapter, he finishes a pas de deux with a female dancer, portraying a rain scene with paper umbrellas. \"Chinese elements are displayed in the dance in an abstract way. We use our movements, especially our breathing, to showcase traditional Chinese painting, which is poetic and rhythmical,\" says Dong. The 21-year-old will graduate from the Beijing Dance Academy this summer. He was born and grew up in Jiaozuo, Henan province, and was enrolled in the affiliated school of the Beijing Dance Academy at 11 years old. The European tour of the dance drama is part of the official Happy Chinese New Year program. Organized by the Ministry of Culture in 2010, the program covers about 400 cities in 130 countries. Spring Festival, which is celebrated as China's biggest annual holiday, is being embraced by more countries as an occasion to participate in festivities and as a way to experience Chinese culture in general.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "The speech made by President Xi Jinping on Tuesday addressing young people has sparked lively discussions among students and teachers. At a gathering to commemorate the centenary of the May Fourth Movement in the Great Hall of the People, Xi, who is also general secretary of the Communist Party of China Central Committee and chairman of the Central Military Commission, urged the country's youth to uphold Marxism beliefs, follow the Party's leadership and devote themselves to the nation and the people. Zhang Dongjie, a senior at Peking University, said Xi's remarks made him feel that young people should combine personal aspirations with national rejuvenation and devote themselves where there's a need. During a trip Zhang made to Northwest China's Xinjiang Uygur autonomous region in April, he realized that education is still weak in the region and good teachers are in short supply. To help change the situation, he applied to volunteer as a teacher at a middle school in a Xinjiang town after graduation in July. \"My biggest hope for the next year is that more students in my class will achieve better results, enter high school and grow up as contributors to society,\" Zhang said. Yi Zhihao, a doctoral student at the School of Biological Science and Medical Engineering of Beihang University in Beijing, is also a Beihang Lunar Palace 1 volunteer. The volunteer team, having stayed in Lunar Palace 1 \u00a1\u00aa an environmentally contained research facility where occupants simulated long-duration self-contained missions with no outside inputs for 200 days \u00a1\u00aa broke the previous record of 180 days set by researchers in Russia. The team recently won a China May Fourth Medal. \"President Xi has called upon young people to overcome hardships, and that is what our team has been doing,\" Yi said. Qiu Shuiping, Party secretary of Peking University, said the learning institution is proud to be part of history. The university has chosen May 4 as the day to celebrate its founding. \"The choice of the date indicates our resolve to move forward along the path set by the movement to realize national rejuvenation,\" he said. \"Our teachers and students will work harder to accelerate the pace of building Peking University into a world-leading academic institution.\" Wang Bo, executive director of the Advanced Research Institute of Multidisciplinary Science at the Beijing Institute of Technology, was a winner of the Beijing May Fourth Youth Medal, an honor awarded to outstanding young people from all walks of life in the capital. \"As a researcher and an educator, I will focus on combining the pursuit of science with the country's interests and people's needs and try to make greater achievements in the teaching and research of environmental protection and green energy,\" Wang said. Yan Xiaojun, Party secretary of the School of Energy and Power Engineering at Beihang University, said Xi's speech has provided a direction to help young people grow. \"We should trust young teachers, help them develop, and support them to grow up as a major force for the development of China's aerospace industry,\" he said.", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "Beijing is set to strengthen regulation of the use of food additives by small-scale catering businesses to better ensure food safety and public health. The capital's lawmakers on Wednesday reviewed new articles for a draft regulation to standardize the use of food additives by small-scale catering businesses. The draft regulation, submitted to the Standing Committee of the Beijing Municipal People's Congress, the capital's top legislature, stipulates catering business practitioners, which frequently use the food additives, keep a log of food additive names, amounts, time used and staff. This record should be kept for at least two years. Notably, small catering business practitioners are prohibited from purchasing, storing and using food additives like nitrite salt, which are easily abused or misused, it said. Zou Weiping, vice chairman of the legal committee of the Beijing people's congress, said the misuse of food additives is a cause of food safety accidents. For example, nitrite, a common food additive for meat products, looks similar to edible salt and is easy to eat by mistake and misuse, Zou said. At the same time, nitrite can result in death, illustrating a need for strengthened control, she added. Generally speaking, the regulation is expected to have three reviews by the standing committee of the people's congress and will be finalized after that.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Beijing\u00a1\u00afs first air class-action lawsuit related to pollution began an open hearing session at the city\u00a1\u00afs No 4 People\u00a1\u00afs Court on Tuesday. The defendant in the case is Duocai Lianyi Co, a steel and paint operation in Daxing district. Prosecutors say Duocai has been polluting the air and has failed to install devices to reduce emissions in accordance with regulations. \u00a1\u00b0The company has harmed the surrounding environment,\u00a1\u00b1 prosecutors said during the trial. \u00a1\u00b0We filed the lawsuit to seek a court order for it to halt emissions, and we are seeking compensation for the pollution it has caused as well as a public apology.\u00a1\u00b1 Lawyers for Duocai said the company had already halted emissions after receiving an order to do so from the district environmental authority as well as paid 200,000 yuan ($31,435) in fines. They added that the company would enhance pollution controls further if a new environmental evaluation leads to such a recommendation. The verdict will be announced at a later date, the court said, without providing a more specific time frame. Under the Civil Procedure Law revised last year, prosecutors have the power to initiate class-action lawsuits against enterprises that damage the public interest, such as those polluting the environment or compromising food safety.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "President Xi Jinping's upcoming visit to the Middle East and Africa will be \"an important diplomatic activity\" for boosting unity and cooperation with developing countries amid profound changes in the global situation, a senior diplomat said on Friday. Vice-Foreign Minister Kong Xuanyou said at a Beijing news briefing that it will be the first visit of a Chinese head of state to the United Arab Emirates in 29 years, and the first trip to Rwanda by a Chinese president. Xi will make state visits to the UAE, Senegal, Rwanda and South Africa from Thursday until July 24 and attend the 10th BRICS Summit in Johannesburg from July 25 to 27. The president will visit Mauritius during a stopover there from July 27 to 28. The Belt and Road Initiative will be an important focus since countries in the Middle East and Africa have a strong desire to take part in the initiative, Kong said. Xi will discuss how to better achieve win-win cooperation and build consensus. China hopes the initiative will create more economic cooperation, draw the countries closer through culture and boost friendship and mutual trust, Kong said. China welcomes African countries to help build the Belt and Road. Cooperation will also be discussed at the Beijing Summit of the Forum on China-Africa Cooperation in September, he said. \"The UAE was the first Gulf state that established a strategic partnership with China,\" Kong said. The visit will push forward Belt and Road construction in the Gulf and promote peace and stability in the Middle East, he said. Zhang Jun, director-general of the Foreign Ministry's international economics department, said the BRICS summit is expected to voice agreement on safeguarding multilateralism and building an open world economy. BRICS countries are strongly against unilateralism and protectionism, which have now become the common concerns and worries of the international community, Zhang said.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Beijing Automotive Group Co Ltd is building a 400-hectare themed town in Beijing to tap into China's growing off-road vehicle culture via experiential marketing. The town is due to open in the capital's northeast Shunyi district in 2019, offering thrill-seekers a chance to try out off-road racing. BAIC is currently expanding its product mix by introducing off-road vehicles, aiming to meet increasing demand for extreme sports experiences. Last year, BAIC's off-road vehicle sales doubled year-on-year. \"In the future, competitiveness will depend on culture,\" said Xu Heyi, chairman of the group. He said that after years of strong results, culture will now empower the group to achieve further growth, as BAIC will strengthen experience-based marketing for off-road vehicles, vigorously promote off-road culture and heighten brand loyalty. BAIC's dealers have already built more than 20 off-road bases, laying a solid foundation for popularizing off-road culture, according to the company. Data from Intelligence Research Group shows that the average age of automobile consumers in China is becoming increasingly younger. The average customer today prefers exciting and high-performance driving experiences that incorporate scenery and adventure. More buyers are choosing versatile vehicles with off-road capabilities over sedans. According to the China Association of Automobile Manufacturers, passenger car sales reached 24.72 million vehicles in 2017, up 1.4 percent on the previous year. In the same period, SUV sales climbed 13.3 percent while sedan sales dropped 2.5 percent. McKinsey and Co, a global management consulting firm, predicted that by 2022, half of the cars sold in China will be SUVs. \"While the recent resurgence in sales represents one of the most dramatic shifts in China's automotive market, a variety of other factors are at play that will drive even more profound changes in the industry over the coming years. Perhaps the biggest of these changes involves the transformation taking place among car buyers,\" said Wouter Baan, associate partner in McKinsey's Beijing office. \"Increasingly savvy and sophisticated, today's auto buyers demand more digital features and are growing increasingly unhappy with the traditional dealer experience. The emergence of this more demanding segment of car buyers is reshaping the car industry,\" Baan said. To avoid fierce price wars in the market segment, domestic automobile players are launching more premium vehicles to improve their margins. However, it remains too early to tell whether such strategies will convince car consumers to buy their products in a segment filled with well-established international brands, said the McKinsey report.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "  An original dance drama will mark the 90th anniversary of the People's Liberation Army's founding.  premiered at the National Center for the Performing Arts in Beijing on Oct 10. It was choreographed by Beijing Dance Academy's president, Guo Lei, and performed by the academy's dance troupe. The plot focuses on the PLA's early history, especially in the rural revolutionary base in Jiangxi province's Jinggang Mountains that Mao Zedong established in 1927. The site is considered the \"birthplace of the Chinese Red Army\"\u00a3\u00adthe PLA's predecessor\u00a3\u00adand the \"cradle of the Chinese revolution\". The six-chapter drama starts with a girl reading the letter left by her parents, who were Red Army soldiers. It portrays not only war scenes and soldiers' struggles but also Jiangxi's folk culture. It blends local music and dance styles with symphonic music, for instance. \"It took us a year to collect local materials about Jiangxi,\" says Guo, who led the team to Jiangxi to visit revolutionary sites and learn more stories about the Jianggang Mountains. The choreographer adapted the rhythm of Jiangxi's tea leaf-picking operas, a folk art form, to reflect the regional style.,  He doesn't portray historical heroes but, rather, focuses on ordinary people in wartime. \"These people are full of hope despite the hardships,\" Guo says. \"They deserve contemporary audiences' applause.\" The dancers are young Beijing Dance Academy teachers. The work was created in partnership with Jiangxi Ji'an Vocational School's teachers and students. \"After Beijing, we'll take the dance drama to Jiangxi. Jiangxi Ji'an Vocational School students will perform in it,\" Guo says. Guo is a Jiangxi native and returns to his hometown every year. He has long dreamed of turning the Jinggang Mountains' stories into a dance drama. \"The Jinggang Mountains'stories have been adapted into various art forms, such as TV series, movies and theatrical dramas,\" Guo says. \"Dance offers a unique vocabulary to present these tales. We hope audiences will feel the PLA's revolutionary spirit.\"  is part of the ongoing Spring Flowers and Autumn Fruits\u00a3\u00ad2017 Chinese Art Schools Week, an annual art festival offering a platform for major Chinese art schools' students and teachers. About 2,000 from the Beijing Dance Academy have performed in the festival since 2008.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "An all-in-one card for taking public transport in Beijing, Tianjin and Hebei province will be available to all lines in the region by the end of the year, according to Beijing Municipal Commission of Transport. The card was put into operation in 2015 on an experimental basis on some lines. With the number of lines increasing, more than 800,000 copies of the card had been issued to passengers in the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region by September. Passengers with the card can take all buses in downtown Beijing, certain lines in Tianjin and all lines in Hebei's Shijiazhuang, Cangzhou, Baoding, Handan, Zhangjiakou, Chengde and Langfang. They also can enjoy the same preferential policies, such as a discount for taking buses in a certain city with the city's own transport card. The all-in-one card also can be used in some other provinces, including East China's Jiangsu and Northeast China's Jilin. The aim is to make public transport more convenient and efficient for passengers, and thus promote the integrated development of transportation in the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region, the commission said.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Online education has played a significant role in relieving burdens for both students and teachers, a recent report said on Sunday. According to the report by Beijing Normal University and leading online education firm Zuoyebang, 55.8 percent of students surveyed believed that online education platforms can save time by improving studying efficiency. Over 65 percent of students said that online platforms have played a role in relieving their mental stress while 58.2 percent noted that studying online increased their interest in learning. \"Online education platforms have played a significant role in relieving burdens and improving efficiency for students,\" said Zhang Hongzhong, head of the Research Center for New Media Communications at Beijing Normal University. \"It is the internet and technology that make personalized education a possibility. The combination of the internet and education broadens the scope of educational burden relief,\" he added. The report also pointed out that online education platforms also offer an equal learning opportunity for students from remote areas, which also is a relief for parents, as the online studying fee is on average 30 to 50 percent of that offline. In Zuoyebang, for instance, users from remote areas can take online lessons taught by famous teachers in big cities through Zuoyebang Yike, its livestreaming course. Earlier data showed that some 60 percent of Zuoyebang's users are based in lower-tier cities. A review of the top 10 areas in terms of average app-use time per user shows that 45 percent of users come from relatively underdeveloped areas, including Northwest China's Ningxia Hui and Xinjiang Uygur autonomous regions, and Southwest China's Yunnan province. Su Jing, vice-president of Zuoyebang, said that the firm aims to use advanced education and technology to help students keep a balance between study and work. \"At the same time, as we leverage artificial intelligence to achieve efficient and personalized study experiences for students, we are also reducing the economic burden for more families to promote education equity,\" she said.", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "A team of 463 guardians has been recruited to monitor and help protect the Beijing section of the Great Wall, the city's cultural heritage authority said on Saturday. The guardians of the UNESCO World Heritage Site are villagers living along the wall. They conduct regular safety inspections of key wall sections and upload photos and descriptions of its condition via a phone app. Before the recruitment of the guardians, there was cause for concern about the protection of the Great Wall, said Yu Haikuan, deputy director of the heritage protection bureau in Beijing's Yanqing district. \"Most of the wild sections of the Great Wall are in an unattended state,\" Yu said. By the end of May, six suburban districts along the Great Wall had completed recruitment of 289 full-time workers and 174 part-time ones, said Ling Ming, deputy director of the Beijing Cultural Heritage Administration. Another 11 full-time workers will be recruited by 2022. According to a survey of the Great Wall's condition by the National Cultural Heritage Administration in 2018, sections with little and poor preservation accounted for about 41 percent of the Beijing section. Due to human destruction and natural weathering, some parts of the Great Wall are damaged or have collapsed, and are in urgent need of repair. \"The villager team assists us in some emergencies to send signals as early warning,\" said Yu. \"At the same time, they make up for the staff shortages on cultural relics protection.\" In April, 128 villagers from Yanqing district underwent training and testing from Great Wall researchers for part-time positions. Apart from learning basic knowledge, they also mastered how to inspect and report hazardous conditions via a mobile phone app. Wang Dongzhu, a member of the team in Yanqing, said being a guardian provided a precious opportunity to protect a world heritage wonder. Starting in May, the 45-year-old spends three to four hours each weekday inspecting a 2.5-kilometer section of the wall in Yanqing district's Xiangying village. \"Even though I'm tired sometimes because of the long distance, I enjoy cleaning the environment of the Great Wall and telling visitors of the importance of protecting a world heritage relic,\" he said. Beijing is home to 520 kilometers of the Great Wall, which traverses 15 provinces and cities. Since 2000, the city has invested nearly 470 million yuan ($68 million) in 96 projects to protect the section, according to the Beijing municipal administration of cultural heritage.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "The final construction work for Beijing Daxing International Airport Expressway and the central section of Daxing Airport North Line Expressway will finish by the end of June, according to the latest message released by the Beijing Municipal Commission of Transport on Monday.  Beijing Daxing International Airport Expressway, a two-way eight-lane motorway, spans approximately 27 kilometers. It covers the area from the South Fifth Ring Road to the northern perimeter of Daxing International Airport. Construction started in November 2016 and was primarily completed in December 2018, but it will not be ready for operation until the end of this month. Beijing Daxing International Airport Expressway will allow passengers to travel from the airport to South Fifth Ring Road in just 20 minutes, which will vastly improve the efficiency of service at Daxing International Airport, and at the same time, provide more transportation options for residents, easing the pressure of overcrowded traffic in the southern part of the city. Daxing Airport North Line Expressway is designed to cover 24.58 kilometers, connecting Hebei province, the airport and Beijing. Its central section, which links Jingkai (Beijing-Kaifeng) Expressway and Jingtai (Beijing-Taipei) Expressway, is 14.66 kilometers long. Construction started in December 2017, and its completion is anticipated at the end of this month. In fact, both highways are a part of the key transportation network designed to support the operations of Beijing Daxing International Airport. With four expressways, this network aims to optimize the road structure around the newly built airport to facilitate the smooth opening and future operations of the airfield. Upon completion, the two motorways are expected to be fully functional and prepared for operation. At present, construction of the two expressway projects has entered the final stage \u00a1\u00aa the construction team is working to enhance the lighting function of toll stations and highway lamps, as well as to sketch out the roadmaps for traffic and landscape plating in the central section of the airport's North Line Expressway to ensure the timeliness and quality of expressway construction at the end of this month.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Keen to learn kung fu and enthusiastic for the martial art, a 29-year-old Indian known by his Chinese name De Fu came to China in 2005. His story in China began when he started working as a waiter in an Indian restaurant to make a living when he first came to the country, and then his career in the dining industry kept going. Now, he runs four Indian restaurants, two Chinese restaurants and one French restaurant in cities such as Xi'an, Hangzhou, Chengdu and Beijing. And he plans to run Chinese restaurants in India. According to De Fu, he likes Chinese culture and Chinese cuisines, especially Sichuan cuisine and hotpot. At the same time, he also tries to be a bridge between China and India, letting the people in the two countries understand each other better. De Fu met his wife Anjali in 2011 and his family, including his two sons, lives in Xi'an, capital of Northwest China's Shaanxi province. De Fu hopes his children would go back to India to promote Chinese culture. Despite running seven restaurants, he remains dedicated to exercise \u00a1\u00aa doing yoga every day, for instance \u00a1\u00aa and still carries his kung fu dream, and has acted in five movies in recent years.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "China considers it significant that the United States has recently indicated that trade friction should be dealt with through dialogue and communication, and will keep the door open for negotiation, Premier Li Keqiang said. Li made the remark when meeting with US Secretary of Transportation Elaine Chao in the Zhongnanhai leadership compound in Beijing on Thursday afternoon. \"China and the US are the world's largest developing country and the largest developed country. Maintaining stable and sound growth in relations between China and the US meets the expectations of both countries and people around the world,\" Li said. Mutual benefit and win-win results are the essence of trade and economic cooperation between China and the US, Li said. No winner would emerge from a trade conflict, and a trade conflict could also affect world economic recovery and hit the global industrial chain, Li told Chao. He said that sitting down for dialogue is the only way to successfully deal with trade frictions facing the two nations. Noting that President Xi Jinping and US President Donald Trump have had many conversations, both in person and over the phone, Li said the two countries should implement important consensuses reached by the two leaders and work together in the spirit of mutual trust, mutual respect and consultation on an equal footing to reduce differences. He added that China is willing to push forward pragmatic cooperation with the US regarding transportation, including autonomous vehicles. The premier also said that China, with huge market potential, will firmly further its opening-up and hopes all countries, including the US, will take advantage of opportunities created by China's opening-up efforts. Chao congratulated Li on China's economic performance in continuing to maintain a high growth rate. Relations between China and the US now stand at a critical stage of development, she said, and she added that she hopes both countries will reach a positive outcome from trade and economic dialogue and promote pragmatic cooperation. Chao is leading the US delegation participating in talks as part of the China-US Transportation Forum in Beijing. The forum, established in 2008, facilitates partnerships and bilateral dialogue in areas of mutual interest. The meetings have focused recently on automated vehicles and infrastructure development. At a meeting on Thursday, Chao said she hopes the forum will \"strengthen the discussion between our two ministries and contribute to a long-term relationship that is constructive and results-oriented\".", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "The service sector, IT and media industries have overtaken the education industry as major job sources for expats in China, according to figures from the 2019 Job Fair for Foreigners in Beijing. The job fair was organized on Sunday by the Foreign Talent Research Center and the State Administration of Foreign Experts Affairs, attracting more than 500 expats with nearly 1,000 jobs available in a range of professions. The expat job market, once dominated by language teachers, has seen a major shift. Approximately half the jobs available at the fair were in the sales, media, marketing and IT sectors, including openings for journalists, brand and communication managers and software engineers. \"A certain level of Mandarin proficiency is an advantage,\" said Yang Jiayin, project manager of the research center. \"The best-paying jobs generally require the ability to speak Mandarin. Positions that require fluent spoken and written Mandarin tend to pay more than the same jobs without the language requirement.\" Oasis Games, a publisher of interactive games, has participated in the Beijing job fair for foreigners since 2013. The company translates Chinese games into 16 foreign languages, with 200 million people playing them in 130 countries. Ai Xuan, the company's human resources representative, said many Chinese companies are striving for a bigger share of the international market and are looking for expats with Chinese language proficiency and those who understand Chinese culture. She said most of the company's foreign staff are freshmen who learned Mandarin at Chinese universities through exchange programs. The annual salary for such staff is about 180,000 yuan ($26,850) a year. According to the research center's Yang, the income gap between expats and Chinese employees in the same positions has been reduced in past decades. Yang said the annual salary of a foreign employee would be five to 10 times higher than that of a Chinese employee in the 2000s. The gap is narrower now\u00a3\u00adabout two to three times\u00a3\u00adpartly because salaries paid to Chinese have risen faster than expat salaries. Statistics from the State administration also showed that China has attracted expats from European and Asian countries because of its rapid economic growth and a widening range of opportunities. Data collected from the previous 10 years at the Beijing job fair showed that more than 50 percent of job seekers are from European countries, with a majority from Spain and Portugal, while about 25 percent are from Asian countries, with a majority from India. Khan Ghulam, a 32-year-old Pakistani software engineer, has been working for a China-US joint venture for two years. He attended the fair to find a higher-paying job in a Chinese startup. \"China has a promising future with its growing power in the international society, and it gives young people more opportunities, which I believe will attract lots of job seekers abroad,\" he said. Last year, China issued about 336,000 work permits to foreigners. China had a total of more than 950,000 expats working in the country as of the end of last year, according to the administration. By comparison, there were only 180,000 foreign workers employed in China in 1996. The increasing number of expats working in China has also boosted related services targeting foreigners. \"As more expats seek jobs in China, many find difficulty in maintaining their dietary habits. Finding a restaurant serving familiar food and getting fast food delivery services are two major problems,\" said Liu Chao, marketing director of an online bilingual food delivery company called Sherpa's, which now has 100,000 foreign customers. \"Expats are an emerging consumption group with great potential. China holds great charm for foreign expats, but they'll stay here longer only with more life conveniences,\" he said.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "BEIJING - The sixth China Agricultural Outlook Conference will convene from April 20 to 21 in Beijing, according to the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs. The conference is set to highlight the outlook of market trends of major agricultural products for the next 10 years in China, Tang Ke, an official with the ministry, told a press conference Wednesday. The China Agricultural Outlook Report (2019-2028) will also be released during the conference, featuring high-quality development of the sector, Tang said. Seminars will focus on hot topics including international agricultural trade, smallholders and modern agriculture, and digital agriculture during the two-day conference, according to Tang. \"The conference is an important outcome of China's development in agricultural monitoring and early-warning systems, which play a significant role in regulating agricultural markets,\" Tang said. China has held the Agricultural Outlook Conference and launched the China Agricultural Outlook Report for five consecutive years since 2014.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Age might stop some actors from doing action sequences, but not Hong Kong iconic star Chow Yun-fat. Recently during his Beijing visit to promote the upcoming crime thriller which will hit Chinese mainland theaters on Sept 30, the 63-year-old actor reveals he has enjoyed performing stunts on the sets. When the film was shot in Thailand, he was suspended in the air, and was \"thrown out\" twice to perform some stunts that he believes he had done \"perfectly\". \"I've got old injuries, which initially made me uncomfortable. But after I took off my coat, I felt relaxed,\" says Chow. The film, directed by Felix Chong,and also featuring Hong Kong singer-actor Aaron Kwok, follows a counterfeiting gang. The other members of the cast are actress Zhang Jingchu, Taiwan actor David Wang and Hong Kong actor Alex Fong Chung-sun.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Since its debut in 2016, SuperCello has helped many Chinese youngsters to meet and interact with professors and young musicians from schools overseas. Everywhere Beijing-based cellist Chu Yibing goes he carries along with him a traditional balm famous for its sharp odor and power to relieve fatigue. During the past year, he has been fully occupied with SuperCello, a four-day event he initiated in 2016. It will bring together more than 60 cellists from around the world to Beijing from April 28 to May 1. \"The smell keeps me calm and relaxed. I sent hundreds of emails and made phone calls to discuss details with the musicians. It took lots of sleepless nights to make everything happen,\" says Chu, 53, a great cellist of his generation. Born in Beijing to musicians Zhu Yongning and Wang Yaoling, both teachers at the capital's Central Conservatory of Music, he started learning the cello at age 8 and went to Europe to pursue his music studies in 1983. Six years later, he became the principal cellist of Switzerland's Basel Symphony Orchestra. After nearly two decades living and working in the West, he returned to China in 2004. He can speak Italian, French and German. SuperCello, held once a year during the May Day holiday, offers full-day events to audiences such as recitals, master classes and workshops. It turns the hallowed arena of the concert hall of National Library of China in Beijing, where classical musicians perform serious music, into \"an amusement park\". \"From breakfast to dinner, you are surrounded by music, which is a rare experience for most Chinese audiences,\" says Chu. \"It is all about music and communication. Everyone has a great time here.\" Unlike classical music recitals, which have different ticket prices, Chu decided that \"there is no first class, second class or third class. Audiences just come and sit, or stand anywhere they want\". \"You can leave and return at any time as long as you show your ticket,\" he says. This year, the event will start with exchange programs between Chinese and Western students during the afternoon of April 28. At 7:30 pm on the same day, the Romanian Youth Orchestra will perform under the baton of conductor Philippe de Chalendar with pieces including Antonin Dvorak's Concerto for Cello and Orchestra in B Minor, Edouard Lalo's Concerto for Cello and Orchestra in D Minor and Dmitri Shostakovich's Concerto No 1 for Cello and Orchestra.,Other guest musicians include German cellist Julius Berger, a professor at the University of Augsburg; French cellist Marc Coppey, a professor from the Paris Conservatory, and Swiss cellist Wen-Sinn Yang, a professor at the Academy of Music and Theater in Munich. Speaking about the event, cellist Martti Rousi, professor at the Sibelius Academy in Helsinki, Finland, who attended the SuperCello event in 2017, says: \"SuperCello is a cello festival with the feeling of a rock show. There is lots of support, knowledge and dedication from the audience. You must be there to understand it. I feel privileged to be coming back. \"I also feel the performers and audience together bring out the beauty, emotion and drama of the fantastic music. Without the audience we cannot do much.\" The cellist will give a master class on April 29 and perform Ernest Bloch's Schelomo: Rhapsodie Hebraique for Violoncello and Orchestra on April 30. The event will be wrapped up with a free concert on May 1 by the China Youth Philharmonic Orchestra and five cellists from France and Germany, including Jerome Pernoo, Raphael Pidoux and Marc Coppey, under the baton of conductor Shao En, with repertoires such as Franz Schubert's Arpeggione Sonata in A Minor and Camille Saint-Saens' Concerto for Cello and Orchestra No 1 in A Minor. Chu says that many children who are learning cello attended the music festival last year with their parents, and the event is a great opportunity for them to meet professors from established music schools and interact with young cellists. From 2004 to 2017, Chu worked as the head cello teacher at the Central Conservatory of Music. And among his successful students is Yang Yichen, a young Chinese cellist, whose band, Amber Quartet, won an international chamber music competition in 2013, making it one of the first Chinese quartets to do so. Chu formed his cello ensemble in 2005, dedicating most of his time to chamber music. And he has toured the country with the ensemble, performing in places where the cello is rarely heard. In 2015, he and his team visited locations along the ancient Silk Road and performed works by Bach, Debussy and Mahler. The venues included Qinghai Lake in Northwest China's Qinghai province. Separately, Chu and his team also played amid natural settings in nearby Gansu province, at venues such as the Yadan National Geological Park, which has landforms created by winds from the Gobi Desert. In 2016, when SuperCello made its debut, Chu celebrated his 50th birthday with the audience and his musician friends. He says \"it was a fabulous birthday\". \"Every year, the audience and musicians surprise me. The excitement is indescribable,\" he says about the project.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "The Mogao Grottoes, an art performance and a lecture featuring the ancient history of Dunhuang in Northwest China's Gansu province drew a delegation closer to Silk Road culture during their tour from Sept 1-2. \"I'd heard a lot about Dunhuang before, but it was mind-blowing to see everything here myself,\" said Mellat Dilnar from  's Alma-Ata. \"It's incredible that those ancient heritages are perfectly protected now, and research about them so profound,\" the 28-year-old added. Dilnar is studying comparative literature and cross-culture in Beijing at the moment. She said the visit helped her to better understand Chinese culture and cast some light on the connections between China and her country long ago. \"I've found certain   elements in the Dunhuang culture,\" Dilnar says. Dilnar is one member of the delegation that includes foreign students, a Chinese think tank and multinational company representatives. The ancient Silk Road tour was initiated by the Chinese People's Association for Friendship with Foreign Countries and is aimed at promoting trade and cultural exchange. The tour kicked off in Beijing and continues until Sept 29. It will cover nine places in seven countries, including Kazakhstan, Uzbekistan, Poland, the Czech Republic, France and the Netherlands. Business talks, youth forums, cultural exhibitions and sport exchanges are to be staged during the tour. Gansu is the third leg of the tour's China visit, following Beijing and Inner Mongolia autonomous region.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "The direct high-speed trains linking Beijing and Xiongan New Area in neighboring Hebei province have sent nearly 500,000 passengers since the service started July 6, according to China Railway Corporation. Located about 100 kilometers southwest of the capital, Xiongan currently has two railway stations that bullet trains pass by - Baigou Railway Station and Baiyangdian Railway Station. Passengers can take bullet trains from Beijing South Station to get to Xiongan in about 80 minutes. About 2,000 passengers travel between the two cities each day on average, with the highest number in one day reaching 3,600. To further reduce travel time, construction has begun on an intercity railway line connecting Beijing and Xiongan. When it starts operating by the end of 2020, the intercity railway line will cut travel time between the capital and Xiongan to about 30 minutes.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "The discovery of rock garden in Beijing's Old Summer Palace will help the public better understand Qing-era construction. Wang Kaihao reports. In the northwestern corner of Beijing's Yuanmingyuan Ruins Park, which spreads over 340 hectares, is a 15-meter-high rock garden with over 1,000 pieces of megalith. It used to be the highest point of Yuanmingyuan (\"the garden of perfect brightness\") - also known as Old Summer Palace - the large royal resort of the Qing Dynasty (1644-1911). The layout of Yuanmingyuan was designed as a scaled-down replica of the country's geographic features. So this rock garden represents the Kunlun Mountains, a range that extends over 3,000 kilometers on the northern edge of the Qinghai-Tibet Plateau in Northwest China. Invading Anglo-French forces burned down Yuanmingyuan in 1860 and turned this place once full of wonders into ruins. Nothing of consequence was visible around the rock garden until recently. In an excavation lasting from June to November, archaeologists discovered a huge garden at the foot of the \"miniature Kunlun Mountains\". The 13,700-square-meter Zibi Shanfang, which literally means \"a purple-and-green villa on the mountain\", was first built during the reign of Yongzheng (1722-35) and was renovated, in typical Jiangnan style (south of the Yangtze River), during the reign of his son Qianlong (1736-96).,Over 2,000 square meters were excavated this year. And archaeologists will expand the research site in 2019, says Zhang Zhonghua, leader of the archaeological team, who revealed the discovery to the public in Beijing last week. Many stone relics, including towers, palaces, roads, sewage systems and bridges, were also unearthed. \"I didn't expect so many findings because villagers from the surrounding area built new constructions after Yuanmingyuan was destroyed,\" Zhang says. Local people built and abandoned three villages in the area after 1860. But most of Zibi Shanfang's foundations survived. Zhang says the more than 2-meter-high foundation of the main hall in the garden was unearthed, and 2 meters are still underground. \"I've never seen so thick a foundation among the remains in Yuanmingyuan, which may show the great importance of this structure,\" he explains. \"The foundation is even more solid than reinforced concrete today. It reflects the high level of craftsmanship at that time.\",A waterway was built in the garden to enable an emperor to enter by boat. Remains of several piers, which were absent in blueprints, were found. The discovery of these remains may help experts to more accurately determine the time of the garden's construction. \"Archaeological studies and historical records can complement each other,\" he says. Some constructional methods used above water are similar to those in Venice. The similarity does not necessarily mean that China learned from Italy in ancient times, or vice versa, Zhang says. \"However, similar situations may inspire common wisdom among different cultures.\" A trail in the rock garden was also found in the recent discovery. Perhaps, Qianlong once stood at its highest point to view a panorama of the complex built at the zenith of Chinese garden construction. Zhang says many relics indicating olden-day scenes are scattered among the pieces of megalith and will need further study. Earlier this year, discovery of Ruyuan, a garden in the southeast of Yuanmingyuan, also grabbed public attention. According to Li Bo, director of the administrative office of Yuanmingyuan Ruins Park, there are 86 visible sites above ground in the park, but many more are buried underground. \"When talking about Yuanmingyuan, many people believe little was left despite its past splendor,\" Li says. \"However, that's not true. Many historical stories are hidden beneath the grass and earth but are neglected. \"We need to better display the sites after excavation. If the Forbidden City in Beijing is a museum for cultural relics, Yuanmingyuan can be a museum for ruins.\",It's a widely held misconception among the Chinese public that Yuanmingyuan was built according to Western styles since the most famous aboveground icons that survived are columns and the gates of Xiyang Lou, a building that was built according to foreign conventions, Li says. \"However, Xiyang Lou accounts for only 2 percent of the area in Yuanmingyuan,\" Li explains. \"The true Yuanmingyuan can be unveiled through more studies on what's underground.\" The government of Haidian district, where the park is located, has spent 5.6 billion yuan ($848 million) in recent years to relocate villagers living on an area of 22 hectares, which was the park of Yuanmingyuan. \"Villagers used to take bricks from the ruins to construct their own houses,\" Li says. \"Now, we've reclaimed more than 80,000 bricks or other components. They can be used to restore some sites in the park.\" Some construction plans in Beijing have been amended to protect historical sites amid rapid urbanization. Yu Ping, deputy director of Beijing's Administration of Cultural Heritage, says the discoveries will consolidate the city's status as a national cultural hub. \"Multiple ways are being developed to better use these cultural resources to benefit the public,\" she says. \"That also serves the inheritance of cultural heritage, a goal emphasized by the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China.\"", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "    The English opera adaptation of the Chinese classic novel   has kicked off its tour of three Chinese cities, Beijing, Changsha and Wuhan, with six performances between Sept 8 and 23.  After the performance on Sept 9, a special contribution award ceremony for China-US cultural exchange was held by the mayor of San Francisco, Edwin Lee, in Beijing.  At the ceremony, Lee recognized two significant contributors, Peter Liu, the founder and chairman of WI Harper Group, a cross-border venture capital firm, and He Chenguang, the vice-president of the China-Cuba Friendship Association, for bringing the opera  to China.  written by Cao Xueqin during the Qing Dynasty (1644-1911), is considered one of China's greatest classical novels, and its latest rendition is set to thrill opera lovers in the country. The San Francisco Opera held the world premiere of its operatic production based on the novel in September 2016.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "DALIAN - Klaus Schwab, founder and executive chairman of the World Economic Forum (WEF), on Monday applauded China's role in driving global economic growth and its commitment to globalization.  \"China's growth is an incredible contribution to the global economy,\" Schwab told Xinhua ahead of the Annual Meeting of the New Champions 2017, also known as Summer Davos.  China's GDP registered a 6.9 percent year on year increase in the first quarter thanks to warming trade and robust consumption, which prompted a number of financial institutions, including the International Monetary Fund, to upgrade their forecast.  \"The Chinese economy has surprised, again, many people as when we were in Tianjin a year ago and two years ago here, there were many skeptics,\" Schwab said, adding that he is optimistic for the global economy as a whole with many areas moving out of recession.  China has served as a major stabilizer and driving force for the world economy, contributing to more than 30 percent of growth during the past years, data showed.  Schwab believes the economy has become more forward-oriented during the past decade that featured with the Summer Davos. Established by the WEF in 2007, the forum is held each year in China, alternating between the port cities of Dalian and Tianjin.  \"The meeting shows that China is not just a traditional economy based on manufacturing but has great potential to move very fast into the era of the fourth industrial revolution,\" Schwab said.  He also highlighted China's efforts to push forward globalization. \"We are living in an inter-connected and inter-dependent world and we need globalization because our fate is interwoven.\"  Schwab called for a different form of globalization that can ensure dialogues in a multipolar world and rein in the widening gap between rich and poor. \"We have to made globalization much more inclusive.\"  Striving to further integrate into the world economy, China is on a new course with the Belt and Road Initiative. A high-level meeting was held in Beijing last month to rally support for the initiative.  \"The Belt and Road Initiative has great significance because it is a new approach to reach a new and open cooperation...and everybody can participate in a win-win situation as an equal partner,\" Schwab said.  From Tuesday to Thursday, around 1,500 politicians, officials,entrepreneurs, scholars, and media representatives from over 90 countries and regions will assemble in the city to discuss topics from inclusive growth to the new industrial revolution.  The meeting, themed \"Achieving Inclusive Growth in the Fourth Industrial Revolution,\" will focus on how technology and policy innovations can accelerate a more inclusive style of economic growth that prioritizes meaningful job creation and sustainable development.  Premier Li Keqiang will address the opening ceremony on Tuesday.  Schwab founded the WEF in 1971, initially known as the European Management Forum. In 1987, the forum changed to the current name and sought to broaden its vision by focusing on international concerns.  China first sent a delegation to the meeting in 1979, with subsequent participation marked by an incremental and positive assertiveness. ", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "A host of shared self-service mini-gymnasiums, each covering about 5 square meters, have sprung up in China's major cities, including Beijing. Each features a mini exercise booth\u00a3\u00adwhich resembles a phone kiosk\u00a3\u00ada treadmill, air conditioner and purifier, and a high-definition screen to play games, listen to music or watch TV dramas. With the basic fitness equipment needed to work out in a regular gymnasium, these mini premises can be booked and sessions paid for through smartphone apps. In June last year, Beijing fitness startup Misspao rolled out shared mini-gyms in communities in nine cities nationwide. They were: Shenzhen, Guangdong province; Nanjing, Jiangsu province; Hangzhou, Zhejiang province; Qingdao, Shandong province, Xi'an, Shaanxi province; Chengdu, Sichuan province; and Beijing, Shanghai and Tianjin. After paying a deposit, users can book the nearest gym and scan the access code with their smartphones. For about 6 yuan ($0.9) for half an hour, they can also rent mini-gyms in nearby neighborhoods for exercise and bodybuilding. Bi Zhen, CEO of Misspao, cited a recent survey conducted by the company that found that about 95 percent of respondents said they needed exercise, but only 10 percent had gym membership. \"Under a heavy workload, many people lack the time to work out frequently. And that's exactly what we can offer. Even busy white-collar workers can enjoy the convenience brought by these mini fitness booths in nearby residential communities,\" Bi said. The company said each one costs from 15,000 to 20,000 yuan. Based on the average total usage time of six hours a day, they can yield high rates of return and break even in eight to 10 months. Bi aims to build a smart sports community that allows people to choose mini-gyms that are about five minutes' walk away, instead of heading to distant fitness centers. The mini-gyms are equipped with aerobic machines, such as exercise bikes. Misspao will also roll out a wide range of training classes to target users' specific needs for fitness and bodybuilding. Zhu Xiaoxiao, CEO of the app FitTime, said, \"It's really a huge market. Driven by the desire for smaller waistlines and healthier lifestyles, more people, especially the health-conscious younger generation, are willing to spend time and money on fitness and slimming services.\" Statistics from the China Internet Network Information Center show that of the 802 million netizens in China, 98.3 percent are mobile phone users, which provides a huge base for the blossoming online sports and fitness industry. Government policy is also fueling the smart sports sector. According to a national fitness plan, spending on sports and fitness is expected to reach 1.5 trillion yuan in 2020.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Cheng Yajing is a gardener with \"magical power\" to make plants grow faster in a greenhouse at the Beijing Botanical Garden, also a playground of succulent plants such as cactus, vines and potted juicy leaves. \"I've just finished trimming and fertilizing them,\" says Cheng, as she walks through the greenhouse covering a total area of 1,000 square meters and spells out names of various plants. Lophophora cristata, a distinguished mutant plant with a history of more than 100 years, with hundreds of colorful hybrids, is a blast from the past, she says. Cheng, 43, decided to conduct research on succulent plants and cultivation after she graduated from the Beijing University of Agriculture in 1998. But she set herself the goal of becoming a professional gardener much earlier-when she was in high school. Cheng was one of the first batch of people who started to explore the splendor of succulent plants, but she didn't expect the small pots would become a craze for millions of Chinese. It was not until 2011 that the succulents industry in China started to boom, aided by cyber publicity. A long-distance athlete since primary high school, Cheng has always been dedicated to things she loves, such as replacing soils and pruning messy branches in the garden. And despite being allergic to pollen, she did not give up on this career. As leaves from the succulent plants fall, Cheng carefully collects them and grows them again in relatively good soil. She has also traveled to the botanical gardens in South Africa several times to learn how to better take care of the plants. Over the years, she has brought back more than 1, 000 species of different succulent plants.,But horticulture is facing a crisis, says Cheng, as, according to her, the average age of various professionals in gardens and scenic spots is 45 and positions like groundskeepers and display workers are often left open. Also, the demand for horticulture professionals is growing as the market has boomed in the past 10 years. So, as plant growers reach retirement age, there are too few gardeners arriving to replace them, says Zhao Shiwei, the chief engineer of the Beijing Institute of Landscape Architecture, the only municipal public welfare landscape research institute in Beijing. \"There's an obvious gap in plant cultivation and maintenance talent in recent years, especially those who have an overall understanding of horticulture landscape designs and garden flower cultivation,\" he says. Zhao also says that horticulture involves a wide range of fields, and a long period is needed to train professionals. \"More importantly, the work is relatively tedious for young professionals. Nowadays fewer young people are keen on the horticulture industry, and we are concerned that the industry is facing difficulty to attract and retain talent,\" he adds. As for front-line gardeners, many of them are known as \"city farmers\" as they need to weed and mulch for the plants.,According to the Beijing Forestry University, the top forestry-related academic institution in China, only half of their graduates majoring in horticulture in 2018 chose to work on horticulture-related fields. And it says the percentage is declining. Zhang Qixiang, a professor of horticulture and former vice-president of the Beijing Forestry University, says college graduates account for only 5 percent of the total number of workers employed in the garden industry. And, he says, this is despite horticulture being closely associated with people's lives and the fact that it can be helpful in tackling environmental and social issues, including the effects of climate change, the lack of access to fresh food and extreme weather. \"On a wider scale, horticulturists should focus on the construction of national parks and development of urban green spaces,\" he says. \"And flower decoration and home gardening are also something horticulturists should keep an eye on.\" But due to the long gestation period and its overlap with agriculture, and the fact that the horticulture industry is relatively labor intensive, many undergraduates are not keen to enter the field, says Zhang. Zhao, the chief engineer, also says that in the past 10 years, a rapid development of horticulture can be seen in China. In the late 1980s, only three universities had garden-related majors, but now many colleges and academic institutions are offering these courses.,According to Zhao, the boom in horticulture education is closely related to the growing market demand, especially for those who can use high technology for planting. So, a lot of gardens in Beijing are also calling for more high-skilled talent. But the gap between jobs and takers is so obvious that the industry has gradually become polarized with undergraduates and graduates preferring to become researchers and scientists in the field working for large-scale greenhouse operations and entrepreneurs. And, also though landscape crews and workers are often urgently needed, sometimes only rural migrant workers in the city can fill the gap. Higher salary is another aspect that young professionals consider. So, even as the market thrives, some companies have not raised salaries, says Zhao. Meanwhile, the 2019 Beijing International Horticulture Expo will be a valuable opportunity for the whole industry in China to attract more horticulture talent, says Zhang Qixiang. As an A1-level expo, the highest rank, the Beijing 2019 has attracted more than 100 countries and international organizations to participate in the event. The 162-day expo is aimed at displaying the latest achievements in floriculture and fruit cultivation, as well as vegetable farming worldwide, and is expected to see 16 million visitors from home and abroad. \"Horticulture is the direct way to connect your life with the green lifestyle. Also, gardening at home can raise people's awareness of green protection,\" says Zhang. And as many young people in China now lack a basic understanding of plants and their value, the expo will help them learn how to protect our earth, he adds. Cheng is also a keen supporter of the expo. And she has been part of the team decorating the China Pavilion, one of the main ones in the expo garden, since January this year. She plans to bring her daughter, who is in primary school, to the Beijing Botanical Garden during the summer vacation. \"I enjoy communicating with plants at work, to make myself fully blend with the environment,\" she says.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "China will operate more \"Fuxing\" bullet trains everyday as a new train diagram will be put into operation beginning April 10. According to China Railway Corp, the national railway operator, China will begin carrying out the new train diagram with adjustments to routes, speeds and train numbers. The diagram shows that eight pairs of \"Fuxing\" bullet trains traveling at a speed of 350 kilometers per hour will be added to the Beijing - Shanghai railway. The total number of \"Fuxing\" bullet trains running every day across the country will reach 114.5 pairs, linking 23 municipalities and provincial capitals. The \"Fuxing\" train, also known as \"Rejuvenation\", is a new bullet train model mainly developed based on China's railway standards and technologies, and aims to adapt to China's environment and rail transport patterns. The adoption of \"Fuxing\" trains in June has shortened the Beijing-Shanghai travel time to 4 hours and 24 minutes. After the new diagram is put into operation, the travel time between Beijing and Shanghai will be further reduced to 4 hours and 18 minutes. Travel time between Beijing and Hangzhou, and between Beijing and Hefei will be cut by 36 and 20 minutes respectively, according to China Railway Corp. More express and large cargo freight trains, such as China Railway Express, a freight train between China and Europe, and freight trains to transport coal, will be added, too. The trains are expected to transport an extra of 200 million metric tons of coal thanks to the enhancement of the transport capacity, according to the China Railway Corp.", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "BEIJING - As US President Donald Trump initiated the tariffs offensive on steel and aluminum in March and planned more on its imports from China, experts and officials have noted that the US move is in violation of the World Trade Organization (WTO)'s principles and would harmed US economy itself. Trump's strategy was to wipe out all commercial agreements signed by Washington after World War II which could lead to unprecedented trade disputes, said Joaquin Infante, the winner of Cuba's national economy prize, in a recent interview. Meanwhile, Trump's contempt for multilateral organizations, such as the United Nations and the World Trade Organization, aims to return to the decades when the US showed off its economic supremacy, according to him. \"In a world where globalization is irreversible due to technological development and where multilateral trade prevails, Trump is doing quite the opposite with policies that will harm the American economy,\" he said. \"These tariffs that have targeted China confirm that the Trump administration intends to bypass the WTO's dispute settlement body and unilaterally rely on US law alone regarding the ongoing trade dispute with China,\" said Jon R. Taylor, a political science professor at the University of St. Thomas in Houston, Texas. \"That is a big mistake,\" he said. WTO rules and regulations were established to provide a global mechanism to resolve trade disputes, he said. The American protective measures severely violate the multilateral trade mechanisms, as well as the WTO, said Andras Inotai, research professor at the Centre for Economic and Regional Studies of the Hungarian Academy of Science's Institute of World Economics. He described the US tariffs move as a \"own-goal\", noting a sound solution to any trade dispute should be filed at the WTO. The US protectionism measures would backfire on the United States' own economy, Inotai said last month after Trump unveiled his plan to impose tariffs on steel and aluminum. On March 23, the US tariffs move was largely criticized during a WTO meeting in Geneva. The WTO said in a statement that trade representatives of more than 40 members, including the 28 from the European Union (EU), took the floor to warn against US tariff measures, during a meeting of the Council for Trade in Goods. Russia said the new tariffs exceed the bound rates the United States had committed to under WTO rules. It sought further clarification how the measure can be justified under WTO rules. The European Union (EU) does not support measures that would run counter to WTO law, Daniel Rosario, spokesman of the European Commission, told reporters Wednesday on Washington's proposed list of Chinese goods subject to additional 25 percent tariffs based on the investigation of the so-called Section 301. \"We call on the relevant parties to ensure WTO compliance of their trade actions. We will analyze the measures being taken in terms of their WTO compatibility,\" Rosario told Xinhua. According to the spokesman, the EU has noticed the US action against China under Section 301 and has been closely following the investigations since they were launched in August 2017. Rosario also underlined the importance of the role of the WTO in dealing with trade differences.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "China has been carrying out comprehensive inspections of all cram schools to ensure that those not meeting government standards make prompt corrections by the end of this year, the Ministry of Education said on Thursday. As of Wednesday, more than 400,000 cram schools from across the country had been inspected, Lyu Yugang, director of the ministry's Basic Education Department, said at a news conference in Beijing. Inspectors have found that 273,000 cram schools were not up to the standards, and 248,000 of them have had their programs changed to bring them in line, Lyu said. Beijing's education, civil affairs, human resources and social security, and market regulation departments have inspected more than 12,600 cram schools, and 93 percent of those found to have problems have made necessary changes, said Feng Hongrong, deputy inspector of the Beijing Education Commission. After corrections are made, which is expected by year's end, the city will carry out a second round of inspections in January to make sure the changes hold, he said. Some training institutions have quietly changed the name of their courses in an attempt to duck the inspections, but authorities will invite more experts to carry out unannounced inspections, with violators dealt with seriously, he added. In February, the Education Ministry and three other ministries jointly issued the first of a series of guidelines to regulate providers of after-school classes. \"Teachers who lure or coerce students to attend after-school training classes will be dealt with seriously or even stripped of their teaching credentials,\" the guidelines said. They added that institutions should not teach anything outside the syllabus, and they should submit their course plans, enrollment targets and class hours to local education authorities for approval. They are not allowed to organize graded examinations or conduct competitions for primary or secondary school students. In addition, the training results from these institutions cannot be used as criteria for future enrollment in primary or middle schools, the guidelines said. Wang Meng, the mother of a fifth-grade student in Beijing, said she welcomed the government's moves to regulate the cram schools, but she still has concerns. \"Although I really want my son to have more time to play, I have to remind myself to be rational,\" Wang said. \"Only by entering a key middle school can he study at a key high school and later at a good university. There's no other option.\" To qualify for admission into a key middle school, he has to study hard now, she said. Her son attends five weekly after-school tutoring classes, one each in Chinese, English and piano and two in mathematics, and the family spends around 100,000 yuan ($14,500) a year on such classes. \"When it comes to education, every family is a 'rich' family,\" she said, indicating that families will scrape up as much money as they can for extra instruction.", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "Alejandra Garc\u00a8\u00aaa, better known by her stage name La Toquilla, captivated Chinese audiences with rhythmic Ecuadorian music and her magnetic, high-pitched voice at Beijing's arts hub 798 Art Zone on Sunday, performing with producer and guitarist Agni Durden and guitarist Mario Gutierrez. They are national musical stars in Ecuador, this is however their debut in China. The performance reached its climax when Chinese cellist Zhang Bo took to the stage of the Rose Bud Arts Center, joining them in performing   (Clay Pot)- a representative song of the Ecuadorian folk rhythm  . It depicts the age-old Ecuadorian ritual of burying ashes of ancestors in clay pots to memorialize the deceased, an essential part of Ecuadorian culture. The lyric reads, \"I want to be buried like our ancestors, in the comfortable and dim confines of a clay pot...\" Their bow in Beijing consisted of three shows from May 24 to 26, each 40 minutes long. The set list covered classics like   and (Wandering Pigeon), as well as a new romantic song written by Agni Durder,  (Beautiful One). Also featured at the three-day Latin American and Caribbean Carnival were artists from more than 10 other Latin American countries. The carnival was part of the 2019 Meet in Beijing Arts Festival.,Speaking about representing her country at the carnival, the Manabi-born singer said she is excited. \"I hope through our performances, more Chinese people could know about traditional Ecuadorian music,\" she said in an interview with China Daily on Friday. \"Traditional Ecuadorian music is very pure and touches the heart, and I want to to promote traditional tunes,\" she said, as traditional music around the world is gradually losing audiences to pop. Seven years ago, the trio took the Ecuadorian musical scene by surprise via infusing traditional tunes with electronic music, rock and pop, bringing the country's folk music types such as Pasillo, Yaravi and San Juanito, to greater appreciation among the young generation. Since their debut in 2012, their music videos have garnered millions of views on YouTube, creating big hits including   and . They have toured in countries including the United States, Mexico, Colombia and Peru.,Durden said musical cooperation is a means to enhance intercultural exchange, and cooperation with Chinese musicians in Beijing will not be a one-off, adding he is expecting more in the future. \"There are many things in common between traditional musics almost everywhere in the world. When you listen to traditional Chinese music and Latin American music, it's not hard to find them familiar,\" said Durden. \"We want to find common ground...We will try to make this happen again in Ecuador, such as performing traditional Chinese music with arrangements that sound Ecuadorian [next time].\" For cellist Zhang Bo, who worked at the China Philharmonic Orchestra and is now a teacher with Minzu University of China, the collaboration was a great opportunity for musicians of the two countries to get to know more about the other's music and culture. \"It's my first time playing Ecuadorian music. During my four and a half years studying in Texas in the United States, I was exposed to a lot of Latin American music. Compared to other Latin American countries, I think Ecuadorian music is more restrained, but also very strong emotionally,\" Zhang said. \"I can feel the common ground while playing (Ecuadorian music). Chinese culture is known for its warm-heartedness and hospitality, and Ecuadorian music is restrained yet affectionate as well,\" he said.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Clouds of dust swirl in the air as innumerable wildebeests throw themselves into the Mara River as they try to cross its surging waters without falling prey to crocodiles lurking under its surface. This is just one scene from the vast herds of the grazing antelopes' annual migration from the Serengeti National Park in Tanzania to the greener pastures of the Maasai Mara National Reserve in Kenya. \"It's spectacular! My excitement is beyond words. It feels different to be here in person rather than to watch it in a documentary,\" says Beijinger Hou Yunsong, 14, who traveled to Kenya with his mother, Hou Jing, in August. Their trip was combined with a natural-science-education program, which saw Chinese zookeeper Yang Yi on hand to introduce animals' habits and characteristics on safari. Beijing-based company Nature Culture began organizing these trips three years ago to give parents and kids the chance to visit destinations rich in biodiversity, such as Sri Lanka and Malaysia, to observe wildlife. Experts like Yang, who often promote natural-science education, act as guides.,\"It's a good opportunity for parents and children to study together and develop their relationship. Many parents also enjoy nature, and these experiences help to recall their own fond childhood memories,\" says wildlife photographer Zheng Yang, co-founder of the company. \"They will also be moved by the interaction between the animals, such as the bonds between mothers and offspring, and prompted to think about their own family relations.\" Zheng believes that his company provides a unique travel experience and that it's more effective to teach kids on-site knowledge about animals, because it makes it more likely children will remember what they learn. While most children tend to be interested in primates, amphibians and large animals such as lions, leopards and hippopotamuses, only a few prefer wild birds, Yang says. Before a trip, the company will provide training programs about safety, local customs and traditions, and local biodiversity. After every trip, the experts will help children share their feelings in a presentation to an audience made up of parents. \"It's a selective lifestyle program, not a mainstream one. Only those who really enjoy it will persist. We have many regular customers,\" Zheng says.,\"Unlike typical travel products, our trips are not uniform and our guides are experts in their fields, such as zoology. You never know what animal you may encounter until it happens, so each experience is different.\" Their peak time is summer and winter vacations, and the children taking part are 6 to 12 years old. The company also organizes short trips to museums in China and provides children with courses taught by experts about nature and wildlife. Other companies have begun to set up travel packages around the theme of natural science, having noticed the family-travel market's potential. But there is still little in the way of regulation in this emerging sector. \"The more I learn about nature, the more I like it,\" Yunsong says. \"When I'm in the wilderness, I feel like I'm part of the Earth. It's good to know that there will always be this natural paradise that can comfort your heart.\",Yunsong started to learn photography from Zheng two years ago with a digital single-lens reflex camera. \"I enjoy the process of taking photos. I like to hear the sound of shutter clicks. I'm blissfully happy when I capture a good picture,\" says Yunsong. \"Whenever I see a photo, I will recall the moment when I took it. \"I like taking pictures of wild animals because I like the uncertainty. You never know what will happen the next second.\" Zheng says each time they observe a wild animal, the only sounds they hear is the click of shutters. He teaches the parents and children how to take the best photos possible, and he believes photography is a great vehicle for communication. For the experts, these trips offer the opportunity to learn about nature education in other countries, and they often return home with illustrated handbooks of the wildlife they have encountered abroad. They enjoy guiding tourists because they want to pass on their knowledge, and they also relish the chance to encounter animals in the wild.,They become excited when they come across rare species. When they caught sight of a critically endangered helmeted hornbill in Malaysia, one of the locals said that it was only the third time he had seen the bird over the past 15 years. \"People used to kill the bird for its casque, which is a precious ornamental material. Someone may think it's just a bird, but you will be touched when you know the story behind it,\" Zheng says. \"This kind of connection between human beings and animals is not uncommon during our travels.\" Yang once raised a baby chimpanzee for three years before it was sent on to another zoo in 2003. It so happened that when he guided a group of tourists around Shanghai Zoo last year, the chimpanzee recognized him through glass\u00a3\u00adand greeted him by moving back and forth. \"If an animal was once raised by me and then sent away, I rarely see them again to avoid recalling old memories,\" Yang says. \"I was very happy and surprised that he still remembered me. When I left, he still followed me with his eyes.\",\"These trips are like opening a door for us to a colorful world. My son and I have learned how to observe the environment surrounding us,\" says Hou Jing, 43, a university lecturer. \"When you learn about the habits and characteristics of an animal, you realize that human beings are not superior at all.\" More importantly, she believes that the children on these trips learn a lot about benevolence and love. They don't hurt animals or plants and will also stop others from doing so, such as people who try to pick flowers in botanical gardens. Zhang Ying, 40, gradually fell in love with nature and wildlife after joining several of these trips with her 9-year-old son, Fang Jinpeng. \"My generation didn't have much chance to learn about nature in a scientific way. I didn't even know what I wanted to do when I was a high school student, but my son already knows what he likes, even at such a young age,\" Zhang says. She's glad that they will both be able to develop scientific knowledge about nature and have more to talk about. The company worked with the Fragrant Hills Park in Beijing to organize camping activities and guide parents and kids to observe amphibians and insects at night. That's how her son started to learn about wildlife. A teacher would return an insect back to exactly the same spot on a leaf after presenting it to the parents and children.,\"Teachers are passionate about their profession and children like them,\" Zhang says. \"My son admires scientists after learning about their work. Each time he goes to the Beijing Museum of Natural History, he will bow to photos of the curator and former curator.\" Through his own efforts, Jinpeng successfully passed the test to allow him to work in his free time as a guide at both the National Museum of China and the Beijing Museum of Natural History. The boy believes he has a responsibility to tell others about the importance of animal and plant protection. He stops other children who want to see animal performances or feed animals in a zoo and tells them it harms the creatures. \"The most important thing is to protect the habitats of wildlife,\" Jinpeng says. \"If you don't know about the creatures, you can hardly know how to protect them.\" Jinpeng often reads books and watches documentaries to further his knowledge about wildlife. \"A tiger will not hunt 10 rabbits, eat only one and waste the rest,\" Jinpeng says. \"As human beings, we should not waste food.\",Zheng often says on the trips: \"Safety always comes first in the wilderness.\" Nature reserve staff members protect groups and help them find their way. Travelers have to fasten their safety belts in the safari vehicles and are never allowed to put their bodies or arms out of the windows. If an elephant is crossing the road, they are instructed to keep quiet. \"Also, you should never make contact with mammals, especially primates, in the wilderness so as to prevent the risk of the transmission of zoonoses,\" he says. He emphasizes that visitors should never take living creatures, plant seeds or illegal wildlife products back to China. Liu Simin, vice-president of tourism at the Beijing-based Chinese Society for Future Studies, says: \"This kind of travel can not only broaden children's horizons, but also teach them about natural science. However, it takes time for the market to grow. \"That said, discovering beautiful natural scenery remains the priority for ordinary tourists, and anyone can enjoy these kinds of experiences with their families. In natural-science travel, parents have to focus their energies on studying the subject in detail, but some parents may not be willing to do so.\" Liu says that tailored family-travel packages emphasize the need for interaction, and are likely to continue to grow in popularity.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "KIGALI - Visiting Chinese President Xi Jinping and his Rwandan counterpart, Paul Kagame, agreed here Monday to further promote bilateral cooperation in a bid to bring more benefits to the Chinese, Rwandan and African people. In their talks, the two leaders also spoke highly of the growth of bilateral ties over the past 47 years since their countries established diplomatic relations. Xi recalled his meeting with Kagame in Beijing in March 2017, during which they reached extensive consensus on promoting bilateral relations and friendly cooperation and brought China-Rwanda ties to a fast track of development. Beijing is willing to work with Kigali to translate their traditional friendship into concrete benefits for the two countries and the two peoples, and open a new chapter in their friendly cooperative relations, Xi said. China and Rwanda, Xi stressed, should view their ties from a strategic height and long-term perspective, firmly support each other independently choosing their own development paths, and keep mutual understanding and support on issues related to each other's core interests and major concerns.,Xi called on the two countries to strengthen the link between their respective development strategies, give full play to their complementary advantages, and carry out pragmatic cooperation in more areas and at deeper levels. China welcomes Rwanda's participation in the international cooperation within the framework of the Belt and Road Initiative, and encourages more Chinese investment in Rwanda to help advance the African country's industrialization and modernization, Xi said. Xi asked the two sides to strengthen people-to-people exchanges, so as to bring closer the hearts of the two peoples and consolidate the social and public support for the future development of their friendship. The two sides, he suggested, also need to deepen law enforcement and security cooperation, maintain close coordination on international and regional issues, and strengthen collaboration on issues of global significance, so as to safeguard the common interests of African countries and developing countries. Over the past several decades, China-Africa relations have always been defined by sincere friendship, unity and cooperation, Xi noted, pointing out that the two sides have become a community with a shared future going through thick and thin together as well as a community with shared interests dedicated to win-win cooperation.,Strengthening unity and cooperation with African countries is an important foundation for China's foreign policy and a long-term steadfast strategic choice of Beijing, Xi said. He compared Africa to a galloping lion, saying that China is glad to see a stronger Africa that is increasingly integrated. Calling the African Union (AU) a banner guiding African countries to solidarity and cooperation, Xi said China always supports the AU playing a leading role in promoting peace and development of Africa and playing a bigger role in regional and global affairs. China, he added, is willing to elevate the strategic significance of its relationship with the AU, set it as an example and make it more effective, so as to bring more benefits to the Chinese and African people.,Kagame, for his part, called China a reliable friend who shares weal and woe with Africa. He said it is of great importance for Rwanda and Africa to develop friendly ties with China. He spoke highly of China's valuable assistance for Rwanda in such areas as infrastructure construction, agriculture and education, adding that China's helping hand has made positive contributions to his country's reconstruction and livelihood improvement. The Rwandan president also expressed his hope to strengthen exchanges with China on state governance and deepen win-win cooperation on bilateral as well as multilateral platforms. Rwanda is willing to enhance cooperation with China within the framework of the Belt and Road Initiative, which offers a significant opportunity for both Rwanda and Africa, Kagame said. As the AU's rotating chairman, Kagame stressed that China's long-standing firm support is of great value to Africa's development.,Africa places great importance on China's role in international affairs and is committed to further deepening their friendship and mutually beneficial cooperation, he added. The African side, he said, looks forward to attending the Beijing summit of the Forum on China-Africa Cooperation (FOCAC) in September, and stands ready to jointly push forward the development of FOCAC, so as to generate more benefits for the people of both sides. After their talks, the two heads of state witnessed the signing of multiple agreements on bilateral cooperation in the Belt and Road Initiative and other areas. They also met the press together. Prior to the meeting, the Rwandan president held a grand welcome ceremony for Xi, who arrived in Kigali on Sunday for the first state visit to the African country by a Chinese head of state. Xi inspected the guard of honor in the company of Kagame. A group of Rwandan well-wishers, dressed in traditional clothes, staged a dancing and drumming performance to express their joy and excitement. Later in the day, Xi and his wife, Peng Liyuan, visited the Kigali Genocide Memorial. Rwanda is the third leg of Xi's first overseas visit after he was re-elected Chinese president in March. The trip has already taken him to the United Arab Emirates and Senegal, and will also take him to South Africa for a state visit and the 10th BRICS summit, and to Mauritius during a stopover.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "BEIJING -Heavy rain in Beijing on Saturday forced authorities to close 171 tourist sites and disrupted at least 278 flights.  Thirteen roads had been flooded in Beijing when rainfall peaked on Saturday morning, according to the municipal flood control authority. Relief workers are draining the water.  At Beijing Capital International Airport, 119 flights were delayed and another 159 were canceled as of noon on Saturday.  The rain weakened in the afternoon, but the flood control authority still warned people against going out, especially near rivers or to climb mountains. ", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Two Fuxing high-speed bullet trains between Beijing and Changsha have been roped in to deliver packages from Nov 11 to 20 to cope with the logistics demand created after the Nov 11 shopping festival. According to Beijing Railway Bureau, each train has set aside a carriage for goods, mainly documents, garments, food, electronic devices, and others. This is the first time that high-speed trains are being used to cope with the delivery rush after the online shopping extravaganza. The delivery capacity is about 50,000 ton and delivery time will be cut down to six hours, which is faster than road transportation which usually takes 20 to 24 hours.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Aeroflot-Russian Airlines will launch more direct flights between China and Russia as a result of increasing passengers traveling between the two countries. Russia's largest airline, Aeroflot currently operates direct daily flights connecting Moscow and four Chinese cities \u00a8C Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou and Hong Kong. The airline last year transported nearly 1.4 million passengers between Russia and China, a rough growth of 5-7 percent year-on-year, according to the airline. \"We are very confident of the growth potential in the China market. This year, we plan to launch new flights connecting Moscow and second-tier Chinese cities Chengdu and Urumqi, and we are waiting for their approval.,\"We also plan to add more frequencies of our current flights,\" said Aeroflot deputy CEO Igor Chalik in Beijing. \"We have seen a significant increase in the number of businesspeople traveling between China and Russia, driven by a large number of cooperation projects that the two countries have,\" he said. China since 2016 has been the largest source of tourists to Russia, with Moscow, St Petersburg, Kazan and Krasnodar the most popular cities, said Aeroflot. Meanwhile 60 percent of Chinese passengers who flew to Moscow choose to transfer from Moscow airport to other Russian and European cities. The airline plans to further strengthen its transfer operations between Europe and Asia, Aeroflot said. Chalik said the Belt and Road Initiative has created opportunities for the aviation industry, including the launch of new flights and construction of infrastructure, adding that Aeroflot welcomes and appreciates the initiative.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Every summer, a series of musical events is held at the Beijing Concert Hall aimed at a young audience. Launched in 1994, the events, under the title of Gateway to Music, will be kicked off on July 7 this year, and will feature 47 concerts, including instrumental and multimedia shows staged by musicians from different countries.  The key highlights this year will be German piano duo Andreas Kern and Paul Cibis, who will play piano works of Chopin, Schubert and Debussy on July 15; Polish trio the Three X, with violinist Krzyszof Kokoszewski and the pianists Jacek Obstarczyk and Jacek Stolarczyk, who are seeking to make classical music fun on July 22. Two recitals over July 15-16 will be designed for children under the age of 6, combining classical music and animation. On Aug 20, the audience can enjoy a show by French ensemble Chapi Chapo. Founded in 2003 by four French musicians, the ensemble has turned toys into instruments. In their performance, fairy tales of Europe will be adapted into music.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Zhang Hui, a clerk working at a technology company in Yizhuang, a southern suburb of Beijing, likes to go straight from work to a newly opened fresh food supermarket\u00a3\u00ad7Fresh\u00a3\u00adwhere she chooses her favorite seafood dish, say, lobster or crab. She doesn't take the food home, but asks restaurant staff to cook the seafood on-site for her and eats at a dining area of the supermarket near her company. \"The supermarket impressed me a lot as I have never had such an experience before. If I am not willing to go out to dine, I can order online through an app and have it delivered within half an hour. Apart from seafood, I can choose meat, fruit, vegetables, dairy, bakery, wine and even flowers,\" Zhang said. The brick-and-mortar store is the first offline fresh food supermarket owned by Chinese e-commerce giant JD. Covering an area of 4,000 square meters, it started official operations on Jan 4. The rapidly growing number of China's high-income consumers has become a key driver of premium brands and other high-quality food products, especially imported meat and freshly caught seafood. Major e-commerce companies have tapped into the fresh food sector, opening such supermarkets as well as investing in the supply chain and logistics infrastructure. These stores integrate the online and offline worlds with logistics and data, enabling customers to shop, order groceries for home delivery and eat in-store\u00a3\u00ada one-stop food center experience. Various options are offered, including frozen seafood, meat, fruit and flowers. Although experts said the fresh food supermarket is still in an initial stage and needs time to see whether the brick-and-mortar store can make a profit, the new model is already changing China's traditional retail sector. \"Fresh food is the most demanding category in e-commerce, and covers a range of fields including logistics, finance and users operation. But at the same time, it has huge market potential,\" said Lyu Haoze, an analyst of China E-Commerce Research Center. Lyu added the online fresh food sector has entered a phase of reshuffling, and surviving enterprises are likely to see explosive growth. Wang Xiaosong, the JD senior vice-president who runs 7Fresh, said the company will open more than 1,000 such stores across the country in the next three to five years. Seventy-five percent of the products sold at the store are fresh products. As Chinese consumers are increasingly concerned about food safety and the product supply chains, JD said it has taken a series of measures to ensure the product quality. \"We have a special procurement team to source products from all over the world directly and ensure the quality of the products,\" Wang said. They also have a product quality control team to verify the qualification of suppliers, and do a spot check on all products before they are put on the shelves, he added. \"For the traditional supermarkets, inventory turnover rate is more than 30 days. For us, it is shortened to fewer than four days\u00a3\u00adguaranteeing freshness of all products sold in the store,\" Wang said. In January 2016, JD launched JD Fresh as an independent fresh food business unit. The fresh food supermarket leverages JD's nationwide cold-chain logistics network, ensuring that all of its fresh products are transported in frozen or refrigerator trucks. The whole process will be monitored. According to market research company iResearch Consulting Group, China's fresh food retail market is developing rapidly, with a growth rate of more than 50 percent each year on average. The transaction volume of China's online fresh food market reached about 139.13 billion yuan ($21.6 billion) in 2017, an increase of 59.7 percent. Hema Xiansheng, a fresh food chain invested by Alibaba Group Holding Ltd, is also likely to reshape the landscape of China's retail industry. As a pioneering example of Alibaba's \"new retail\" strategy, which integrates online with offline shopping and provides a refreshing shopping experience, Hema will offer 24/7 services after the coming Spring Festival starting on Feb 16. \"Consumers could not only buy fresh food from us, but also adult products, maternal, baby and female necessities, and other daily household products,\" said Hou Yi, CEO of Hema, at the second new retail summit in Shanghai held Jan 10-11. On Jan 3, Hou said Hema will open 30 fresh food supermarkets throughout Beijing this year. The company claims that customers within a three-kilometer radius of a store can have their shopping items delivered within 30 minutes. The online giant has opened five stores in Beijing and will concentrate more on the Beijing market apart from expanding its business across China, according to Hou. It opened its first offline store in Shanghai two years ago. \"Only when the online giants continue to expand and operate a certain number of fresh food supermarkets can we discuss the profitability issue,\" said Lu Zhenwang, CEO of Wanqing Consultancy in Shanghai, adding the cost of warehousing, cold chain transportation and supply chain construction is very high. Chinese consumers are pursuing a high-quality lifestyle along with the consumption upgrades. However, the shelf life of fresh food is short, so the cold chain logistics plays an important role in this sector, Lu said, adding that quality control of the fresh food is also significant. Lyu added that the appearance and expansion of fresh food supermarkets will inevitably grab the market share of traditional stores, gaining favor from a new generation of young consumers. \"This will force the traditional supermarkets such as Walmart and Carrefour to transform, expanding their services online.\"", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Chinese Culture Group Co Ltd's foray into indoor theme parks will further stoke fresh investments in children-centric businesses in the Chinese mainland, industry observers said. The move follows the end of the one-child policy and the subsequent rise in the number of families with more than one child. The culture and media company announced earlier this month that it will open more than 15 indoor theme parks in the Chinese mainland over the next eight years. The planned parks will be Oddbods-themed, based on a cartoon series produced by Singapore's One Animation. They will have recreation facilities, restaurants and gift shops, and aim to attract children aged 3 to 9, said Xie Li, vice-president of Chinese Culture Group. Compared with large-scale theme parks, which need big investments, long gestation periods and high costs related to construction, smaller indoor theme parks require lower costs, promise stable cash flows and decent returns on investment, Xie said. Population data from Pingan Securities showed those aged 14 or under are increasing in number, on the back of the policy change. This has boosted related consumption. Children's parks netted about 300 billion yuan ($44.9 billion) in sales and other revenues last year. Indoor parks played an important part in that, it said. \"Indoor theme parks are more suitable to expand with smaller investment. It's also easier for them to earn profits,\" Chen Shaofeng, deputy dean of the Institute for Cultural Industries at Peking University, told The Beijing News earlier this month. Small wonder, animation companies, real estate operators and other companies began to show interest in the segment. Domestic leading animation group Guangdong Alpha Animation and Culture Co, producer of popular cartoon Pleasant Goat and Big Big Wolf, announced in May that it will open over 50 indoor parks based on its intellectual property or IP over the next three years. Property giants Guangzhou Evergrande and Dalian Wanda Group have also entered this segment of the theme park sector. Li Mingyu, product director of indoor theme park operator Beijing Zhiyou Culture Communication Co Ltd, said the market has great potential for future growth. \"After all, the 200 million Chinese children need some place to play. And there aren't many public playgrounds in China compared with other countries,\" he said. The company invested 10 million yuan to build a 1,500-square-meter indoor theme park in Beijing, inspired by domestic cartoon character Luo Bao Bei. The park opened for business in July last year. Li did not share financial details like profit and rate of return, saying the firm expected to break even two years after the investment. Membership fee, catering services, training courses for children, as well as sales of toys and other commodities, contribute 60 to 70 percent of its income. Wages and rent account for 90 percent of its operational costs. They don't have to pay for the IP, because the IP owner is one of the firm's shareholders, he said. Li Qin, brand-licensing leader of Zhejiang Versatile Media Co Ltd, an animation producer, said the firm authorized three indoor park operators to use the images of their cartoon. (Again, Li of Versatile declined to share details like IP-related revenue.) \"Though kids are allowed to play at the park for a whole day, most of them will lose patience and leave within two hours, creating park-space for others. Besides, the membership system adopted by many operators can guarantee a stable cash flow,\" she said. Shi, mother of a 5-year-old boy, said she has a small bag, filled with membership cards of various indoor theme parks. She could not resist them at promotional events where discounts abounded. Each visit to a park costs about 100 yuan. And buying five staggered visits at one go could come in cheaper at about 300 yuan, she said. Spending weekend at shopping malls has become a routine for Shi's family. The boy would first play at an indoor theme park for one or two hours, then they have lunch or dinner, go shopping and then home. \"Two days (over the weekend) is too short for an outstation trip, but we don't want our son to stay at home all the time watching TV or playing games on mobile phone. That's why, we go to shopping malls,\" she said. \"Besides, playing indoors can keep the child away from the haze and bad weather.\" At the indoor park, her son may slide, climb, ride a mini train or play video games. She and her husband sit outside, having some time of their own. Among Shi's concerns are issues like the parks being overcrowded often (which could result in noise and children quarreling) and safety at the facilities. Li from Beijing Zhiyou said operators need to innovate and introduce diverse activities like dancing and singing performances, holiday parties and training classes, to differentiate themselves from others. Use of well-known IP such as that of Marvel Comics can also help attract more customers, but that requires big investment, he said.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "As global trade threatens to degenerate into a mines-laced economic battlefield, the dark forces of unilateralism and protectionism find themselves arrayed against the righteous whose weapons are multilateralism, a strong sense of justice and fair play, a functional moral compass and a commitment to protecting growth, no matter what, said institutional officials and business leaders. China has been unrelenting in its efforts to optimize its industrial structure, launch new trade boosters like the China International Import Expo (which begins in Shanghai on Monday), and bring about tangible transcontinental development through the Belt and Road Initiative. These moves will inject more growth momentum into the troubled global economy, they said. \"China's foreign trade is set to continue its steady run for the rest of the year as it is on track to reach its annual trade growth target, despite ongoing trade disputes with the United States,\" said Li Kuiwen, director-general of the Department of Statistics, which is part of the General Administration of Customs. Li was referring to China's trade volume that surged 9.9 percent year-on-year to 22.28 trillion yuan ($3.22 trillion) in the first three quarters of this year. Official data showed the almost 10-percent rise was possible due to the country's diversified trade activities with emerging economies, rapid growth in private companies' trade, and a surge in trade volume on the back of the BRI. Economic stability and healthy growth in China are good not just for the country but the world as well, because the mainland is a very important part of the global value chain. The BRI has proven to be a win-win proposition for China and the countries and regions participating in it. But it is by no means the country's first win-win attempt in global trade. In 1950, when China Import Co was established, it heralded the country's broadminded approach to global trade. In 1951, China Import Co morphed into China Import and Export Co. Its job was to build trade ties with various countries and trade China's goods, mainly coal, timber, agricultural products, porcelain and silk in the global markets. As it transpired, China Import Co was to be the precursor of Sinochem Group, the State-owned chemical firm. The six decades since then - it was a period that saw China adopting the reform and opening-up policy in the last 40 years - have shown the humble beginnings laid a strong foundation for what is today a manufacturing, services and innovation powerhouse. That's not all. China has also emerged as a strong supporter of multilateralism under the framework of the World Trade Organization. This holds the key to future global economic growth, experts said. To be sure, the rise of protectionism, and simultaneous fluctuations in the global financial and commodity markets, have hurt China in some areas. But, the fourth-quarter data at the year-end or early next year will likely again confirm the country's trade-sustaining resilience. Not just the current quarter, even in the long run, China's trade will be underpinned by diversified channels, and commitment to the reform and opening-up policy, said Li Yong, vice-chair of the expert committee at the China Association of International Trade. He further said China has been giving \"great importance to risk prevention and steady growth. Its overall leverage level is not very high, but at a moderate level globally\". Official data showed that China's imports of major commodities increased in terms of both volume and price in the first three quarters. Foreign shipments of crude oil to China increased by 5.9 percent, natural gas by 34 percent, refined oil by 9.8 percent year-on-year and copper by 16.1 percent year-on-year between January and September. \"The increase in commodity imports indicates that the country's demand for manufacturing and energy raw materials remains large,\" said Li. \"After all, the global demand for Chinese goods related to infrastructure, manufacturing, urbanization and modern agricultural sectors has kept growing, especially in countries and regions involved in the Belt and Road Initiative.\" China's total trade with countries and regions related to the initiative exceeded $5 trillion over the past five years, with an annual average growth of 1.1 percent, in contrast to falling world trade, said Qian Keming, vice-minister of commerce. The nation's outbound direct investment has amounted to over $60 billion in economies involved in the BRI, creating over 244,000 local jobs over the past five years. China has become the largest trade partner of 25 partner economies, data from the Ministry of Commerce showed. \"We have seen populism, nationalism and protectionism rising and they inevitably led to intolerance and isolation in recent years. The world must find a new equilibrium to combat poverty and create prosperity for all. The Belt and Road Initiative, in this sense, can be a robust driving force for global economic growth,\" said Lothar Herrmann, president of Siemens Ltd China.,While collaboration between Chinese and foreign companies in projects in infrastructure, resources and manufacturing remains key to unlocking the economic development potential of many countries and regions related to the initiative, digital connectivity will create more business opportunities for Chinese and foreign companies in these markets, and in other parts of the world as well, said Vaughn Barber, global chair for KPMG Global China Practice. \"New and cutting-edge technologies are providing a range of new possibilities for Chinese companies, in both traditional and high value-added industries,\" Barber said, adding they are helping \"boost productivity, further unlock new demand and increase their competitiveness in domestic and global markets\". Barber's view is shared by Xin Guobin, vice-minister of industry and information technology. He said China will accelerate the pace of developing high-end manufacturing and digital technologies to further enhance the country's export capabilities. China has already taken measures to improve its export structure, with exports of automobiles expanding by 16.3 percent year-on-year and machine tools by 18.7 percent year-on-year between January and September. Exports of electrical and mechanical products rose by almost 8 percent to 6.91 trillion yuan, accounting for 58 percent of the country's total export value, according to the GAC. In addition to maritime transportation, over 10,000 railway trips had marked the China-Europe freight train service from 2011 to the end of August. The freight trains transported nearly 800,000 containers of goods. The cargo rail network so far links 48 Chinese cities with 43 cities in 15 European countries such as Germany, Spain, Poland and the United Kingdom. \"The combination of China's competitive labor costs, and foreign capital and technology since the country's reform and opening-up drive, has helped facilitate its trade growth and secure its pricing advantage,\" said Long Guoqiang, vice-president of the Development Research Center, which is part of the State Council, China's cabinet. Long said this transformation has also generated handsome returns for foreign companies through both local sales and exports from China. Because China is omnipresent in the supply chains of many consumer and industrial products across the world, a number of global companies have increased investment in China to sustain robust growth so far this year. For instance, German chemical giant BASF SE and the US petrochemical group Exxon-Mobil Corp have signed agreements this year with the Guangdong provincial government to build wholly foreign-owned plants, each entailing an investment of $10 billion. Tesla Inc, the US technology major, is expected to start the construction of a $2 billion electric vehicle plant in Shanghai before the year-end. The factory will have a projected annual capacity of 500,000 e-vehicles. Foreign direct investment edged up almost 3 percent year-on-year to 636.7 billion yuan in the first nine months of this year. FDI in high-tech sectors, which accounted for 22.5 percent of the total, climbed almost 7 percent year-on-year, data from the Ministry of Commerce showed. \"After benefiting significantly from the first wave of globalization, China is now starting a new influential trend, by growing its domestic market, and by improving the quality (of goods and services) and environmental requirements, both on the industrial and consumer sides,\" said Denis Depoux, one of the top regional executives of German consulting firm Roland Berger. To better compete with other established rivals from both domestic and global markets, sportswear manufacturer Nike Inc opened a massive store in Shanghai last month. Nike aims to attract digital-savvy younger Chinese consumers with its digital integration, innovations and personalized services. \"As the government has already lowered its value added tax on imports as well as taxes on vehicles and auto parts, medicines and consumer goods, the CIIE will help push more goods and services trade deals between Chinese and global companies,\" said Sang Baichuan, a professor of international trade at the University of International Business and Economics in Beijing.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Pan Yunsheng, a veteran, used to train army dogs years ago at a field force in Southwest China's Guangxi autonomous region. When his love for dog training did not fade away after retirement, Pan opened a dog boarding and training center in the suburb of Beijing six years ago. Pan has trained hundreds of dogs in the past years. Now, around 50 pet dogs live in Pan's training center, with some of them boarding temporarily, while others training hard for a graduation certificate. \"Our center is like a kindergarten for dogs,\" said Pan. He treats them like his children by providing them air-conditioning in summer and heating in winter, with electricity bill each month reaching 8,000 yuan ($1,195) in winter. Pan's training center posts revenue of about two million yuan a year, and he harvests a big hunk of love at the same time.,Both Little seven (Xiaoqi) and police dog Thunderbolt (Pili) in TV series   were trained by Pan. But most trainees at Pan's center are pet dogs, whose characteristics are totally different from that of army and police dogs. \"Army and police dogs have distinctive personalities, but the personalities of pet dogs are various, which demand wholly different training methods,\" said Pan. Police dog training is like training professional athletes, while pet dog training is more like training kindergarteners, and there is no conception such as good kids or bad kids,\" Pan said. \"It's like raising kids, they let you down sometimes, but you still need to stick to principles,\" Pan said as he summarized his 10-year dog experience. Well-trained dogs are better family members, thus, Pan plans to starts crowdfunding in his shop based on Alibaba's e-marketplace Taobao, and bring some stray dogs into his training session, and find new families for them. \"I hope dog owners can focus more on character building of their pets and treat them as equal family members,\" Pan said.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "The title of an ongoing exhibition in Beijing has four Chinese characters\u00a3\u00ad  (a key junction on the outskirts of the capital city)\u00a3\u00adwhich are an apt description of Tongzhou, a district in the eastern part of the capital. Visiting the exhibition\u00a3\u00adcomprising 169 displays\u00a3\u00adat the Capital Museum in Beijing is like opening a book about Tongzhou. It tells of its early glory and how it was rejuvenated thanks to a canal. The district has been in the news in recent years after it was designated as Beijing's \"sub-center\". And this has led to the large-scale construction of infrastructure there. But as construction began, a well-preserved ancient city dating to the Western Han Dynasty (206 BC-AD 24) was unearthed. The site has been identified as the remains of Luxian county from 195 BC. The find was among China's top 10 archaeological discoveries of 2016.,Yu Ping, deputy director of the Beijing municipal administration of cultural heritage, says the find was never properly showcased to the public. At the exhibition, daily items, pottery, construction materials and other cultural relics from the site are on display. \"The (Luxian) site is unique because it is the only discovered county-level city ruins from the Western Han Dynasty,\" says Gao Hongqing, curator of the exhibition. \"It fills a void in our studies of urban construction and local government structure from that dynasty.\" Gao says Luxian was closely connected with Beijing over the centuries. In 938, the Liao Dynasty (916-1125) made Beijing one of its \"five metropolises\", and in 1153, the Jurchen ruler of the Jin Dynasty (1115-1234) moved its capital city to Beijing, making it the political center of northern China. \"Due to its pivotal position, the status of Tongzhou kept growing,\" says Gao.,Many artifacts from the Capital Museum's own collection, which were also unearthed in Tongzhou, are displayed. One of the items is a Liao Dynasty ceramic jar (pictured top) designed like leather bags used by nomadic people. Kublai Khan's move to make Beijing the capital of the Yuan Dynasty (1271-1368) also gave a boost to Tongzhou's fortunes, especially after the construction of the Grand Canal, which links Beijing and Hangzhou, capital of Zhejiang province. \"The city expanded and the population also grew rapidly,\" says Gao. \"And that created a greater need for food. Tongzhou then became a hub for food supply, which was transported via the canal from southern China.\" According to historical records, there were as many as 13 state-owned silos in Tongzhou during the Yuan Dynasty.,In 1329, as much as 3.5 million dan (a container that could hold about 75 kilograms) of rice was transported via the canal from southern China to Beijing. In 2014, a section of canal in Tongzhou was put on the UNESCO World Heritage List. Gao says that Tongzhou was a crucial link both during the Ming (1368-1644) and Qing (1644-1911) dynasties. And this is highlighted by some of the items on display like a plate used to weigh rice at Tongzhou's port. There is a list of codes on display that shows there was a complicated system to check food quality and prevent fraud. The Tongzhou District Museum also contributed some exhibits. Zheng Xusheng, head of the museum, talks about a Qing map of the Grand Canal, from Beijing to Shandong province, from the reign of Yongzheng (1722-35). According to Zheng, the map was taken to Japan during the War of Resistance Against Japanese Aggression (1931-45) but was brought back to China around 2000. \"You can still find many facilities that exist today on the map,\" he says. The exhibition runs until July 23.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Beijing has amended a law on road traffic safety, banning the production, sale and use of unapproved motorcycles, motorized tricycles and four-wheelers in the capital. People using self-balancing personal transporters and scooters as mobility means on roads will have their devices confiscated and face a fine of 200 yuan ($29). Unapproved mopeds will be phased out in Beijing too. The amendment said food delivery platforms need to be legally responsible for courier compliance with traffic rules or face a fine of up to 50,000 yuan.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "  Chinese are increasingly preferring road trips overseas as the preferred way to travel and soak in sights and cultures. The United States remains their top destination with Los Angeles, Las Vegas and San Francisco being particularly popular. The US is followed by New Zealand, Germany, Thailand, and the United Kingdom, in terms of popularity, according to a recent report Tuniu Corp, an online travel agency based in Nanjing. Besides, the United Arab of Emirates, Belgium and France are growing in popularity as Chinese driving licenses are valid there. The top five cities where self-driving outbound Chinese tourists come from are Shanghai, Nanjing, Guangzhou, Shenzhen, and Beijing. These cities have more than two million car owners, making them more likely to travel in their own vehicles in China and in rented cars abroad. Currently, there are more than 360 million car drivers in China, according to the Ministry of Public Security. \"The growth of holidays marked by car drives is frequently associated with wealth, freedom, and choice, and a growing middle-class in China,\" said Alex Yan, COO of Tuniu Corp. \"Meanwhile, we found that Chinese road trippers prefer to stay at nicer hotels, but not motels near the roads. More than 80 percent of the them usually stay at four-star or five-star hotels.\" The majority of tourists who prefer self-driving trips are aged between 21 and 40, with those aged between 31 and 40 dominating this group. Most of them are affluent and tend to pursue unique trip experiences. Besides, many of them have young children and road trips fulfil their demand for travel with kids. Lily Min, 26, an office worker in Beijing, said she and her boyfriend last year traveled to Hawaii, where they rented a red convertible. \"Hawaii is large and it's inconvenient to travel around if you don't rent a car or travel with a group. It feels really cool to drive by ourselves, as we have greater control over our time. And it's not expensive to rent a car\u00a3\u00adit costs less than $100 per day,\" she said. Overseas road trips tend to take longer than an average trip. About half of these trips last year lasted 11 to15 days. Domestic road trips are also proving to be popular. Among the well-received weekend getaways are Zhuhai and Guangzhou in Guangdong province, and Changzhou in Jiangsu province. Longer domestic road trips to Tibet, Gansu, Inner Mongolia and Xinjiang are also popular among Chinese tourists. About half of the domestic road trips last six to 10 days.    ", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Caves, beekeepers and stone villages are among the surprising discoveries of a driving trip from the capital through Hebei province, Erik Nilsson discovers. There were two donkeys outside the restaurant. One was printed on a sign above the street where the other - a real donkey - was being slaughtered. Talk about fresh food. And the meat was, indeed, delicious. So, too, was the wild white-flower cliff honey we bought from vendors along the roadside on our road trip from Beijing through Hebei province. I'd never seen solid honey before. The crystals looked like yellow rock sugar and tasted like marshmallows but with a hint of floral fragrance. Beekeepers were also selling liquid varieties harvested from hives in crates along the roadside. Our friend got stung when a bee got stuck in his hair during his purchase. We bought the hunks of honey at Cuandixia village, a Ming Dynasty (1368-1644) stone settlement that tumbles down a crag in suburban Beijing. The ancient trade and military post is also known for an abundance of murals printed with Maoist slogans. Villagers visit the settlement's Grand Temple to pray for piety, the Niangniang Temple to pray for pregnancy and the Dragon King Temple to pray for rain and worship the god of heaven.,We later headed to rural Baoding, Hebei province, to spelunk through the 1.8-kilometer-long Yugudong, or Fish Bone Cave. The karst cavern bored into the juncture of the Taihang and Yanshan mountain ranges in Laishui county hosts incredible formations sired throughout the eons following the Cambrian period. The cave contains \"moon milk\" pools, \"rock waterfalls\", \"stone curtains\", \"rock flowers\" and \"goose tubes\" in addition to stalactites that dribble from the ceiling and stalagmites that jut from the ground. These formations crowd chambers with such names as A Superb Collection of Beautiful Things Hall, Dragon's Den and Five Sons Offering Birthday Felicitations. We exited the cave halfway up the mountain and shot down the steep slope on toboggans. \"I wanted to scream but was too scared,\" my daughter told me at the bottom. She wanted to do it again. We instead boarded a speedboat on the lake at the foot of the peak. The vessel tilted and sprayed rooster tails of water as we did doughnuts around an islet. We'd tried to visit Yishui Lake along the way but had to leave because the place was packed to capacity and had stopped selling tickets. So, we instead explored a wild river along a road through a nearby forest. We enjoyed a picnic and staged an Easter Egg hunt for our kids. Our son caught tadpoles and bugs, and tossed stones in the water, while we watched waterfowl torpedo beneath the ripples and re-emerge clutching fish in their beaks. Singing birds and chirping frogs were accompanied by the sounds of leaves applauding in the breeze.,No tickets. No parking. No crowds. We agreed we likely enjoyed the isolated waterway more than we would have appreciated the built-up tourist destination. We similarly weren't able to visit the Grassland on the Air - so named because of its high elevation - near Hebei's border with Shanxi province. Authorities had declared a high fire risk due to dry weather and set up road blocks to keep outsiders from entering the site. So, we found a wild patch of prairie just outside the tourism attraction, where our children played with grazing piglets that trotted along the desolate landscape. Again, we perhaps had just as much fun as we would have if we'd paid for admission to the adjacent attraction. We later stopped at a quarry for another picnic. The kids scuttled over a large sand pile and watched the diggers, dump trucks and sifters reconfigure the terrain. Throughout our trip, we ate and slept in farmers' houses and stopped along such spots as small mountaintop temples. At one remote shrine, I was marveling that nobody had stolen the offerings, including cash, left for statues of deities when my 3-year-old tried to eat some of the pears. \"No, Sagan! That food belongs to the gods,\" I told him. We bought him fruit meant for mortals afterward. At one point, we decided to drive over 60 kilometers along a single-lane road connecting several villages in the forests - for no reason, other than to do it. It truly was a case in which the adventures were more about the journey than the destination, considering we didn't even know where the motorway led. Indeed, the trip showed us that Hebei has many lesser-known locations worth exploring that are far from the beaten path but still along the open road.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "BEIJING - A meeting was held in Beijing Sunday to celebrate the 70th founding anniversary of the People's Liberation Army (PLA) Navy, which falls on April 23. Participants to the meeting reviewed the PLA Navy's history of developing from almost nothing to becoming strong, summarized its experiences on combat, reform, transformation, and military struggle preparedness, and looked into the bright future of building it into a world-class navy in the new era. It was pointed out that the PLA Navy has gradually developed into a powerful modern navy that can effectively safeguard national sovereignty, security and development interests. In particular, the navy has undergone historic changes and made historic achievements since the 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China, which was held in 2012, the meeting concluded. It also vowed that officers and soldiers of the navy will make their contributions to speeding up the navy's transformation and development and building it into a world-class force. At the meeting, units and individuals were honored for making outstanding contributions to the navy's development. Over 1,300 people, including leaders from organs of the Central Military Commission, and representatives of the military units, attended the event.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "As awareness of the importance of sex education grows, schools are inviting professionals to give lectures to the students. In September, Xincheng Primary School in Shanghai opened its first sex education course for 9-year-old students in grade four, with the support of Shan Jie Tong Zhen \u00a1\u00aa which started as a private sex education research group, but is now a registered company \u00a1\u00aa offering sex education lectures to parents and students at all levels, from kindergarten to college. Parents are actively encouraged to attend, and feedback is welcomed, according to Gong Yan, the school president. The course has also been available to grade two students since March, the start of the summer semester. Headed by Hu Ping, a well-known expert in sex education, Shan Jie Tong Zhen employs more than 50 lecturers who have provided course in 77 cities nationwide.  Having spent the last year as a lecturer in the organization's Beijing, Yin Yixiu said more parents are becoming more aware of the need to provide children with sex education, and they are willing to pay for the extra courses. In the past year, Yin has delivered 28 lectures in Beijing and neighboring cities, about 70 percent of the classes were at the invitation parents groups. Many schools are now offering courses, mainly funded by parents at a cost of about 1,000 yuan ($115) for a 45-minute lecture, but the lack of qualified lecturers has resulted in a number of public schools inviting Yin to address their students. Last year, Yin approached the education authorities in Beijing and offered to teach the course at a wider range of schools as a regular additional lecture, but her offer was declined.  \"The benefits of sex education are not like test scores or other skills that can be visualized or quantified. On the contrary, the education department is wary of being blamed if the course prompts criticism from parents,\" she said.  Yin received her training in Taiwan, where the courses do not just focus on providing knowledge, but also pay attention to the expression of emotions and greater communication about children's feelings and their attitudes toward sex. She believes the Taiwan model offers a template from which other authorities can learn.", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "BEIJING - Beijing wants the number of convenience stores in its urban and near-urban areas to reach 3,000 in three years so that shoppers will not have to travel far to find a store in the city. According to the municipal commerce commission, four government departments will jointly launch measures to facilitate business. There are currently only about 1,500 convenience stores in Beijing. The commission found through investigation that high costs and complicated administrative formalities are the main obstacles for opening the shops in the city. Under the commission's blueprint, there should be more than 2,000 convenience stores in the city proper so that a convenience store can be found near every residential community, and over half of the stores should operate around the clock. There will be changes in future stores in Beijing, as the commission's new work plan allows convenience stores to sell cooked food, health food and food for special medical purposes. Beijing's new urban planning has led wholesale markets and street vendors to move out to reduce traffic congestion and reduce the population density in the capital. However, urban residents are having difficulty buying food. To address the needs, the commission said it would allow stores to open dining areas and sell beverages and food made by automated equipment. It also encourages stores to offer other services for the convenience of customers, such as laundry and water bill collection. Stores offering such services can apply for government subsidies. The commission said it would encourage chain store operators to open new stores, build processing and distribution centers, and use new technology such as the Internet of Things and big data to improve management and supply efficiency.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Integrated overall planning, clear functions for provincial and municipal governments and sufficient supportive mechanisms are key to building metropolitan areas in China, according to experts and researchers speaking at the ongoing Boao Forum for Asia. China's regional development has entered into the era of metropolitan areas, and this assessment has been reinforced by this year's Government Work Report. The coordinated development of the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region, the integration of the Yangtze River Delta area and the construction of the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area are becoming key poles of economic growth. According to Gu Qiang, head of the Industry Research Institute under China Fortune Land Development Co Ltd, urban microcenters in China are key components of metropolitan areas and require further development in public transportation and social service facilities. The industrial project by CFLD at Gu'an city in North China's Hebei province has benefited from the industrial radiation of Beijing. The company has launched 15 new industrial projects at outskirts regions of metropolitan areas such as Beijing and Shanghai, and raised the value of outskirts cities as well. \"New financing channels and innovative financing methods such as PPP mode, asset securitization and finance leasing may contribute to the building of metropolitan areas,\" Gu said, adding the introduction of social capital in infrastructure construction, public services and building of new cities can reduce the risk of government debt and improve the urbanization of outskirts areas. \"Coordination and integration between cities remain the key words of developing metropolitan areas,\" said Zhang Yansheng, chief research fellow at the China Center for International Economic Exchanges. Shenzhen, the most innovative region in the Greater Bay Area, may join hands with Hong Kong, which boasts top universities, capital markets and a modern service industry. Zhang suggested Guangzhou, as a city of trade and service, could also coordinate with Foshan, which boasts a high-quality traditional manufacturing industry. Xu Xianping, professor of the Guanghua School of Management at Peking University, said the government has done a great job integrating infrastructure facilities. \"From high-speed rail to railways, we've seen tremendous improvements every year,\" Xu said, stressing the equalization of public services remains another key component in pushing forward the integration of metropolitan areas. Li Xunlei, chief economist and head of the Research Institute at Zhongtai Securities, said the free flow of people could break regional barriers and restrictions of administrative mechanisms, adding regional economic development strategies should be adjusted to promote the development of metropolitan areas. Jia Kang, chief economist at the Chinese Academy of Fiscal Sciences, suggested cities develop their own features to trigger their potential. \"For example, Beijing should reinforce its advantages in culture and scientific innovation, while Shanghai should fully use of its economic and shipping advantages,\" he added.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "\"If you have a question, search on Zhihu.\" Chinese viewers who watched the 2018 World Cup will certainly remember the much-watched commercial for Zhihu, a popular question-and-answer service provider. In the commercial, Chinese actor Liu Haoran asks the viewer again and again what Zhihu is. Though some viewers found the commercial disturbing, it actually worked for Zhihu. Launched in 2011, the Quora-like knowledge sharing platform is no longer a simple follower of the foreign trendsetter. Fueled by forward thinking investors and venture capital firms, Zhihu is actively embracing the burgeoning paid content boom across the nation, extending to far more businesses than its foreign counterparts do. \"The knowledge service market is huge,\" said Zhou Yuan, founder and chief executive officer of Zhihu. \"It is so huge that the market will be worth hundreds of millions of yuan in the future. \"Currently, the local market is still in its early stages, lacking sufficient services and products that can meet the specific needs of users. As a knowledge sharing platform, Zhihu is dedicated to connecting knowledge service providers with consumers in a more efficient way.\" The Beijing-based website and app has already proved to be a runaway success. It has transformed from a previous invitation-only community into a platform that aims to serve the whole nation, gearing up to expand the paid-for-content business. And the community has also shifted the focus from targeting the elite groups to the general public. By the end of August this year, Zhihu had gained more than 200 million registered users, up by more than 100 percent year-on-year. The company said it has accumulated more than 120 million answers. Statistics from app tracker Analysys Qianfan show Zhihu had more than 16 million monthly active users in September. Zhihu's revenue mainly comes from advertisements and the paid-for-content business. During the first six months of this year, it reported a 340 percent year-on-year growth in revenue. The company, however, did not disclose the exact figures on profits or losses. The company has also upgraded its previous function Zhihu Market and renamed it Zhihu University, to offer a wider range of paid knowledge services, such as online courses, audio books and training camps. Its services span the genres of general knowledge, professional knowledge and content related to people's interests and hobbies. Zhang Rongle, Zhihu's vice-president and head of the Zhihu University business, said the internet has affected the way people impart knowledge. \"The younger generation is more willing to learn knowledge heuristically and interactively. We hope that the Zhihu University will offer standardized content and comprehensive knowledge services, to help users have better access to the knowledge they really need,\" Zhang said. With more than 5,000 content producers, the platform provides a total of over 15,000 paid knowledge service products, gaining more than 6 million paid users. Investors have also shown great interest in the knowledge economy model. In August, Zhihu secured a $270 million Series-E funding round from an unnamed group of investors. The company is now believed to have a valuation of around $2.5 billion. Supported by the new investment, the company is gearing up to build a national knowledge content platform, increasing investment in artificial intelligence technologies, content ecology, knowledge services and commercialization. \"We are looking to build a smart community for the general public users, with AI and user generated content at the core,\" Zhou said. According to him, AI and big data technologies will help recommend to users the topics they have interests in, better match suitable answers with the questions as well as identify harmful information and behavior in the community. Andrew Malcolm, chief marketing officer at Silicon-based information organization application Evernote, said there has been a growth in the trend of gaining access to valuable information and the willingness to pay for it in China, which is hardly seen in other countries. \"Knowledge economy has huge potential, driven by the cultural thirst for ongoing improvement, like self-improvement and learning. The acceptance or encouragement of micro transactions around knowledge and content is really pushing everybody to realize that money can be made from content,\" said Malcolm.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Students of nine top Chinese arts schools shared the stage at a show at Tsinghua University recently to mark the 40th anniversary of China's reform and openingup. Among the 15 programs, a ballet, Ode to the Yellow River by students of Beijing Dance Academy, opened the show. The other highlights were a Chinese folk dance; Horse Galloping performed by students of Minzu University of China; a Peking Opera work Si Jie Cun, by students of the National Academy of Chinese Theatre Arts and Spanish Rhapsody, a classical music piece composed by Franz Liszt, performed by students of Central Conservatory of Music.,Commenting on the show, Guan Yu, a teacher at the Beijing Dance Academy, said: \u00a1\u00b0The past 40 years have seen big developments in the Chinese dance scene, both in the research and teaching of Chinese dance forms and Western dances. So, the three performances we staged reflect different generations of Chinese choreographers.\u00a1\u00b1 According to Wang Jun, the director of physical education, health and art at the Beijing Municipal Commission of Education, the top nine Chinese art schools join hands together every two years to present a show, which reflects their achievements.", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "China will capitalize on the role of Shanghai and surrounding areas in opening up, President Xi Jinping said at the opening ceremony of the China International Import Expo in the city on Monday. The China (Shanghai) Pilot Free Trade Zone will be expanded, Xi said, adding that the country will encourage and support \"bold and creative steps\" by the municipality to advance investment and trade liberalization so that more of its successful practices can be replicated in other parts of China. The zone is the first of its kind in the country, covering an area of 120 square kilometers. Shanghai will also receive support in cementing its position as an international financial center and science and innovation hub, and the government will steadily improve the fundamental institutions of its capital market, Xi said. A new trading platform for science and technology innovation companies will be launched in Shanghai, as well as an experimental registration-based system for initial public offerings, he added. \"We will support integrated development of the Yangtze River Delta region,\" Xi said. \"We'll make it a national strategy and implement our new development philosophy in earnest.\" The president said the region's further integration is part of the national blueprint to improve the country's reform and opening-up, together with the Belt and Road Initiative, coordinated development of the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region and the development of the Yangtze River Economic Belt and Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area. Denis Depoux, China CEO of global consultancy Roland Berger, said the integration of the Yangtze River Delta as a national strategy will be a game-changer for Shanghai. It will have a positive effect on its economy, he said. \"This, combined with further expansion of the free trade zone and piloting an innovation-based stock market, will create new opportunities on the infrastructure side, and also establish Shanghai as a technology hub,\" he said. Pan Jianjun, spokesman of the Shanghai-based Bright Food (Group), said the company is encouraged by the government's decision to set up new areas in the Shanghai Free Trade Zone. \"The move will help Bright Food better reach out to the vast overseas market and facilitate outbound financing and investment to bring in more quality imported goods and meet the demand for high-quality goods of Chinese consumers,\" Pan said. Some foreign enterprises, including Volvo Car Group, said that they have made the right decision to establish their Asia-Pacific headquarters in Shanghai. \"This move proposed by President Xi will further facilitate the development of Volvo in China and the Asia-Pacific region and in its global development,\" said Michel Zhao, vice-president of Corporate Communications for Volvo Car Asia Pacific.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Thailand recently announced that it will launch the e-visa service in its embassy in Beijing on Feb 15, and it will be available in its consulates in other Chinese cities in early March.,The service will make it more convenient for Chinese tourists to apply for a Thai visa. They can fill out an application form and make an appointment via the website thaievisa.go.th. They can also pay via popular Chinese online payment platforms such as AliPay and WeChat Pay. Finally, they have to submit their passport for approval and affixing of the visa sticker at an embassy or consulate.,Official data show that in 2018, international tourist arrivals to Thailand reached 37 million, and about 10.5 million were from China.,According to Chatri Archjananun, director-general of the Department of Consular Affairs of Thailand, visa application results will be emailed to the Chinese applicants in the future, with no need of stamps or stickers on passports.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Premier Li Keqiang reiterated on Monday China's commitment to treat domestic and foreign companies as equals and better protect the rights of foreign businesses. His remarks were made to about 100 overseas representatives of Fortune 500 companies, leading research institutions and international organizations who were in Beijing to attend the China Development Forum 2019. Li reaffirmed that China will only become more open to the world and will continue to adopt concrete measures to protect the rights of foreign investors, based on the requirements of further opening-up and reactions from foreign businesses. China remains the world's largest developing country, and it owes its tremendous achievements over the past 40 years to reform and opening-up, he said. The country will step up the protection of intellectual property rights across the board and refine its punitive compensation mechanism for infringements, he said. He added that China will never allow the forced transfer of technology and that it will resolutely punish different types of IPR violations to create a business environment based on the rule of law that is internationalized and enabling. He noted that the adoption of the Foreign Investment Law by the National People's Congress earlier this month was part of the country's effort to protect foreign investment through legal measures. The world is facing a new industrial and technological revolution, and the only viable choice is to embrace it, not reject it, he said. The Chinese government has always adopted regulations that are accommodating and prudent toward innovation, rather than curbing them, and it encourages the development of new technologies and new business types and will create an enabling environment for innovation, he said. Li also noted that the Chinese economy has achieved generally stable growth while making progress over the past year. Faced with new downward pressure, the country will continue to focus its efforts on the reduction of taxes and fees, while fostering new growth engines, he said. Rather than relying on raising deficits or easing monetary policy, the Chinese government will seek to further stimulate the vitality of the market and to power growth through more reform and opening-up, he said. Dieter Zetsche, chairman of the board of management of Daimler AG and head of Mercedes-Benz Cars, said the foreign delegates to the forum have gained many new exciting insights, ranging from the planned measures, structural reform and fiscal reform to reforms in the manufacturing policy and financial sector through the China Development Forum. \"All of this further strengthened our confidence in this great market,\" said Zetsche, who is also co-chair of the forum.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Young Chinese musicians are finding platforms to perform together. For more than six hours, the grounds of the Beijing Midi Music School were filled with guitars riffing and drums rumbling. It was no ordinary day in class - the musicians were vying for top honors at the Nov 4 finals of the annual Midi School Bands Contest. In the evening, Beijing-based indie band Gentle Grape was crowned champion. \"It was awesome and I cried out at that moment,\" recalls its lead vocalist Li Xuezhen. The 23-year-old, who is pursuing his master's degree in mineral engineering at the China University of Mining and Technology in Beijing, says the band celebrated with a barbecue and beers. Gentle Grape stood out among the 12 finalists. Its performances during the contest attracted more than 1,000 viewers on site and more than 850,000 viewers online. Launched in 2011 by the school, the contest caters to young Chinese bands, with each group required to have at least one member who is a college student. According to Yin Long, CEO of Beijing Midi Music Media, a new branch company under the school aimed at promoting young Chinese bands, auditions started in May 2017. They attracted more than 300 bands from 500 colleges across China, with more than 770 original songs submitted online. \"The bands are very young and dynamic. It's exciting to find out that they don't just perform rock but also other music types, such as electronic dance, blues and punk,\" says Yin, adding that the number of bands applying to the contest grows every year because of the school's reputation and its popular Midi Music Festival. The champions of the contest also get the opportunity to perform on the main stage of the festival. The company will launch music festivals at Chinese colleges this year and roll out plans to support bands on the campuses, says Yin. The Beijing Midi Music School, founded in 1993, is one of the first contemporary music schools in China. It has produced many of the country's rock stars, including the bands Miserable Faith and Escape Plan. In 2000, school president Zhang Fan launched the first Midi Music Festival in Beijing, where it became the first outdoor music festival of its kind in the country. The festival has since expanded into one of China's largest outdoor music events.,\"Many band members started out as teenagers. It's always cool and popular to perform as a band on campus,\" says Yin, who formed his band in 1997 while studying at Beijing Midi Music School. Gentle Grape reminds Yin of The Flowers, or Hua'er, the former Beijing-based pop punk band, which was formed in 1998 and became famous as one of the first teenage bands in the country. \"Their earnest attempt to deliver the message of pursuing their dreams as a young band touched the judges,\" Yin says of Gentle Grape. The band's Li, who was born and grew up in Hohhot, capital of the Inner Mongolia autonomous region, learned classical guitar and piano in his childhood. He fell in love with rock music in high school. The song, titled Mi Tu Wei Fan, (\"headstrong\") which the band performed during the contest, was written by Li in 2013 when he was a freshman. He set up the band with his schoolmate, drummer Chen Bohan, that year. The song talks about the summer after Li took the national college entrance exam in 2013. \"I was full of passion after I founded the band. But my mother, a primary school teacher, was not very supportive and we had no opportunity to perform. I was very lost but didn't want to give up my dream. Then I wrote the song in two hours during an afternoon in my dormitory,\" says Li. Despite the tough beginning, the band kept on producing original works. Influenced by US rock band Blink-182 and Canadian rock band Sum 41, Gentle Grape has gained a growing fan base with its pop, fastpaced melodies and upbeat lyrics. Center stage Many young Chinese bands are also engaging more fans with the growing popularity of social media platforms. In 2015, Gentle Grape band released an EP, including six original songs, through online crowdfunding. It planned to collect about 5,000 yuan ($800) in two or three months. More than 7,000 yuan was collected in four hours. On May 9, 2016, the band performed in a concert commemorating the 30th anniversary of China's rock music - Chinese rock fans mark the date because rocker Cui Jian, then 24, sang Nothing to My Name at the Beijing Workers' Gymnasium in 1986. Held at the same venue, the 2016 concert drew established Chinese rock stars and bands, including rock singer-songwriter Zheng Jun and rock band Tang Dynasty. \"My dream is to turn my passion for the band into a full-time job. If not, I'll find stable work to support my dream,\" says Li. Liang Qian, 26, lead singer of Mint Green, a pop band based in Fuzhou, capital of Fujian province, says: \"The contest is like the Olympics, with the battle of the bands. Qualifying for the final itself is a great prize.\" The band won third place for its original pop song, Sheep, which Liang wrote for her ex-boyfriend. \"It promotes real music played by real bands, not just some karaoke contest,\" says rock singer-songwriter Wang Jiayi, based in Shenyang, capital of Liaoning province. Wang's band, Noble Man, clinched second place at the 2017 Midi School Bands Contest. All the members of the band graduated from the Shenyang Conservatory of Music.,Jazz singer-songwriter Zhang Ying, one of the judges of the 2017 contest, says she was impressed by the young bands' diversity and their wide musical influences. Unlike traditional rock bands, which are known for pouring out their anger and sharp views on social issues through their music, the young bands embrace themes of personal emotion as a way of addressing their authenticity and musical style, says Zhang, who is teaching in the music department of the Communication University of China. \"Earning a living as a rock band used to be a challenge. But it's no longer a problem now,\" says Liu Yujie, lead vocalist of pop-rock band, Monkey Legion, based in Chengdu, capital of Sichuan province. The band won the contest in 2012. In 2016, Monkey Legion performed on the stage of Japan's Summer Sonic music festival, the largest event of its kind in Asia. Last September, the band signed a contract with Beijing Midi Music Media and it is ready to release a debut album this year. \"We are open to various options and music is one of them,\" says Liu, 31, who learned martial arts as a child and graduated from Chengdu Sports Institute. His father bought him a guitar when Liu fell in love with rock music in middle school and he practiced for an hour before heading to school every morning. The other band members, including guitarist Chang Xiangyu and drummer Yang Rui, all graduated from the Sichuan Conservatory of Music and have other jobs, such as opening a music training school and practicing architecture. Liu himself owns a martial arts training school in Chengdu. \"For us, forming a band in college was about our passion. The process of writing a song and performing it onstage is still very exciting,\" says Liu.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "A high-speed railway station will be constructed in Xiongan New Area, turning the planned megacity into an important transportation hub,   reported citing a policy advisor on Thursday. Xu Kuangdi, director of a council of experts for coordinated development of the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region, made the remarks at a forum in Beijing on Tuesday. Upon its completion, it will only take 41 minutes to travel from the Xiongan New Area to Beijing. The government announced plans to establish Xiongan New Area in April as part of measures to integrate Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei development and cure \"urban ills\" such as traffic congestion and air pollution in the capital. The overall planning program for Xiongan New Area is expected to be completed by the end of this month before submitting it to the central government to review, said Xu. Xu said the construction of the new area should focus on a more efficient transport network, environmental protection, urban and rural integration and innovative urban planning. Xiongan New Area plans to build an underground infrastructure network, putting urban transportation, water, electricity, gas, disaster prevention systems underground, Xu added.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "  Although the British snooker champion has had three months off since winning his third World Championship title in May, Selby appears to have maintained his good form, staying on target in a challenge game during a fan-engaging event at a north Beijing club on Friday. Know as a patient, tough competitor, Selby solved all the complex obstacles set up by fans. He even navigated water bottles to pot target balls smoothly, entertaining his fans in the packed billiard hall. The event was organized by World Snooker's sponsor Kunlunshan, a Chinese natural mineral water brand, to promote the cue sport in China by bringing the British start to interact with fans. Selby, one of the world's most decorated snooker players, recently won an online vote launched by Kunlunshan in April, to become the Fans' Player of the Year thanks to strong support from Chinese fans. \"I have visited China many times but this time I came during the off season so I will have more time with the fans and promote the game here, which I feel really excited about,\" Selby said on Friday. Selby will continue his China trip and meet more amateurs selected from the Chinese Folk Billiards Championship, a nationwide grassroots tournament held in nine major cities including Beijing, Guangzhou and Chongqing involving about 25,000 amateurs. Thanks to the brilliant performances of Chinese stars such as Ding Junhui and Liang Wenbo, snooker has garnered an increasing number of fans in China and has shaken off its once niche status to become a popular leisure sport in the country. According to World Snooker, the sport's world governing body, China is scheduled to host four of the 19 ranking tournaments in the 2017-18 season, plus a series of high-profile invitational events. An estimated 45 million Chinese viewers watched the afternoon session of Ding's World Championship final against Selby last year, more than 10 times the peak audience in the United Kingdom on BBC's live coverage. Visits from international stars will further galvanize the growing public passion for the sport and win over new fans, CCTV snooker commentator Pang Weiguo said.        ", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Total soybean exports from the United States to China would fall at least 20 percent for the 2017-18 marketing year, compared to a historic record of 36 million metric tons last marketing year, if the trade dispute between China and US cannot be solved in a timely manner. Zhang Xiaoping, country director for China at the US Soybean Export Council, said current trade tensions have already pushed Chinese importers to turn elsewhere for soybean supplies, although US soybeans are competitive in both price and quality. \"US farmers believe the right strategy to solve trade imbalances should be to further expand trade instead of restrictive measures such as punitive tariffs. So they have been making an effort to support all policies aimed at expanding trade,\" he said. As the US is expected to increase its sales of soybean and soy products to other markets, total US soybean exports for this year would decrease only by 5 percent, according to the USSEC. \"Because soybean trade between China and the US has been beneficial to Chinese crushers, feed millers, animal producers and US farmers, any trade restrictions will damage the industries in both countries. We don\u00a1\u00aft think it reasonable or worthwhile for any policies to hurt ones' own interests,\" Zhang said. He added soybean trade between the two countries will be further expanded in the long run, and expanding soy trade can effectively help solve the trade imbalance issue in the short run. \"We hope the two countries will realize the importance of soybean trade to both economies and find the solution to the current trade dispute.\" China has other options to seek new soybean sellers from other markets such as Brazil and Argentina, although the US holds some advantages when it comes to price and sophisticated distribution systems for delivery. \"US soybeans are of decent quality in terms of digestible amino acids for better animal performance and more efficient animal production, which makes the US a competitive supplier of soybeans,\" said Li Hanping, a professor at Shenyang Agricultural University in Liaoning province. Soybeans are grown in 29 states in the US, where about 55 percent of its soybean production is exported. Chinese farmers currently plant non-genetically modified varieties, and their per-hectare production is about half that of genetically modified ones grown in the US, Brazil and Argentina. It is difficult to increase China's soybean output within a short period, because farmers in the Northeast cannot get more land or convert land grown for other yields such as corn and rice. \"With rising farming equipment prices and limited arable land, the cost of raising domestic output is fairly high,\" said Ding Lixin, a researcher at the Chinese Academy of Agricultural Sciences in Beijing.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "A travel rush is expected for the upcoming May Day holiday, as air tickets and high-speed railway tickets on multiple routes were sold out, while homestay hotels at destinations including Beijing and Shanghai were fully booked. While only one week away, the May Day holiday this year is extended to four days \u00a8C one day more than last year \u00a8C and will see a travel craze comparable to that typically seen during China's Spring Festival, a traditional holiday for family reunion. According to Qunar, one of China's largest online travel agencies, quite a few people chose to take a few days off before or after the May 1 to 4 holiday, so that they can enjoy a journey lasting upwards to nine days. The travel rush is expected to come as early as April 27, and will reach a climax on April 29 and 30. To be specific, economy class tickets for flights, such as Beijing to Tokyo or Osaka on April 30 and May 1, and Shanghai to Dubai on May 1, have been sold out, Qunar statistics showed. For domestic trips, travelers have to pay full fare for economy class tickets for flights linking Beijing with Kunming, Xi'an and Hangzhou; Shanghai with Chongqing, Sanya and Haikou; and Chengdu with Shenzhen, Hangzhou and Xiamen. High-speed railway tickets to popular destinations, including Huangshan, Wuhan, Chongqing and Dalian, also are gone. Qunar said that the most popular overseas destinations for the May Day holiday include Singapore, Seoul, Taipei, Bali, Osaka, Kuala Lumpur, Bangkok, Tokyo and Dubai, depending on the length of the individual traveler's holiday. Ctrip, the country's biggest online travel agency and a shareholder in Qunar, said earlier that Chinese residents will make an estimated 160 million trips during the upcoming May Day holiday. The figure is about 50 percent higher than that for Tomb-sweeping holiday, which was from April 5 to 7.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "  Technological innovations such as models of China's manned submersible Jiaolong, bullet trains and interactive robots impressed foreign diplomats and experts working in Beijing who toured an exhibition in the Chinese capital on Friday. \"Judging from what has been done in the past five years, we can already say that the next five years are going to be even more successful,\" Rwandan Ambassador to China Charles Kayonga told China Daily. The guests were invited to Beijing Exhibition Hall to have a closer look at China's recent achievements. As of Friday, the exhibition, Five Years of Sheer Endeavor, had racked up a total of nearly 480,000 visitors since it opened on Sept 25. Many residents have lined up for tickets to the display, which includes models of China's cutting-edge machinery and equipment that are rarely put on display. It employs virtual reality technology as well as panoramic slideshows to enhance the experience. \"China is now becoming a country that's more of an innovator rather a country that relies on the technology of other nations, so that is a very good sign,\" said Edwin Maher, a visiting professor of journalism studies at the Communication University of China. \"It has been made very clear that China is very much leading in many, many sectors of world technologies and science,\" said Maher, who has been in China for 14 years and was once a news anchor on China Central Television's English Channel. Around a decade ago, Maher was awarded the Friendship Award, the highest honor that a foreign expert or outstanding achiever can receive from the Chinese government. \"The huge telescope that's been opened and the continuing development of the high-speed train system are also some things I am very interested in,\" he added as he toured the displays. Maher said that over the past year and a half, measures taken to improve the environment have really been felt in China, especially in Beijing. Science and technology were only a small part of the exhibition, which features 10 themed zones, including economic progress, political reform, cultural development, environmental protection, Party discipline, diplomacy and military reform. Uzbek Ambassador to China Bakhtiyor Saidov said that China has hosted of a range of major international events. \"China's diplomacy has made remarkable progress,\" he said.", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "Several ministry-level departments, including those for ecology and environment, education, and agriculture and rural affairs, have responded recently to issues of public concern. The environmental watchdog said on Friday that it will adopt a variety of measures to fight against pollution and protect the ecology and environment of the Bohai Sea area. Ke Chang, a senior official from the Ministry of Ecology and Environment, said the campaign against pollution will be conducted on four fronts; namely, addressing pollution sources on land, curbing pollution from maritime activities, restoring the maritime ecological environment and preventing environmental risks. The campaign will target rivers and outfalls flowing into the Bohai Sea, factories, pollution from rural residents and agriculture, and urban sewage. Pollution from mariculture, vessels and ports will also be targeted, he told a news conference. The government will adopt rigorous rules to control sea reclamation and coastline development projects. It will carry out environmental risks assessments and law enforcement inspections to wipe out major risks to the maritime environment. The government will also establish an early warning and emergency response system against red and green tides. The Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs has called for greater coordination between Beijing, Tianjin and Hebei province to control and prevent the spread of African swine fever. Yu Kangzhen, vice-minister of agriculture and rural affairs, said at a work conference on Nov 27 that the risks for the spread of the fever cannot be ignored as the country is still faced with a challenging situation of disease control. Authorities from Beijing, Tianjin and Hebei should unify their leadership over disease control and prevention and increase information connectivity and coordination in measures, he said. He also called for better emergency responses to improve prevention and joint efforts from the three provincial areas for law enforcement. The Agriculture Ministry said last month that it has confirmed African swine fever on two farms in Beijing, the first cases in the Chinese capital. The disease was detected on two farms in the municipality's Fangshan district. The Ministry of Education said on Nov 28 that it will increase the percentage of public kindergartens among preschool institutions so that more children can enjoy inclusive preschool education services. Lyu Yugang, an official with the department of elementary education with the ministry, said in a news conference on Nov 28 that authorities will inspect unlicensed kindergartens, certify those that are qualified and suspend or close those that fail to meet safety or hygiene standards. Those found with \"excessive profit-seeking behaviors\" in establishing or operating kindergartens will be strictly curbed, he said. Public kindergartens took up 44.1 percent of the country's total kindergartens in 2017, according to the ministry. An online trademark service system has been launched as part of efforts to better protect intellectual property rights, the National Intellectual Property Administration announced on Nov 27. The online system, which is upgraded from the trademark application system, will integrate one-stop services including trademark inquiry, application, announcements, online payment and registration publicity, according to the administration. Shen Changyu, head of the administration, said the launch of the online system is an important step to facilitate trademark registration and to build a trademark service system with high efficiency and transparency. He noted that the registration and review of intellectual property rights are key parts of IPR protection, and the authority will continue to improve the mechanism and its services. Efforts have also been made to fast-track the trademark registration process, and the average trademark review cycle had shortened to less than six months as of November. The country has seen a growing number of applications for trademark in recent years. Trademark applications in China reached around 6 million from January to October, up by 36.4 percent year-on-year, according to the authority.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "   Artificial Intelligence could be the sector where China makes breakthroughs. Vast amounts of data generated by the country's huge internet population, readily available capital and an excellent talent pool are all favorable conditions. Chinese internet companies have a significant advantage in developing technologies that have the potential to benefit a tremendous number of people. For example, there is huge demand for better healthcare information in China. Sogou's cutting-edge AI-powered machine translation technology has already enabled our users to access Chinese translations of high-quality content from authoritative sources such as the US Food and Drug Administration, the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the renowned Mayo Clinic. In addition, our AI-enabled smart diagnosis system can help users better understand their illness by responding to queries about their symptoms with high-quality, trusted information. Users are then able to determine which hospital departments they should visit, based on recommendations from our system.  Actually, there are six transformations that have made Sogou China's second-largest search engine and an AI innovator pioneering in natural language processing. Through continuous technological input, Sogou Search was rolled out in 2004 within online news portal Sohu.com. Through product innovation, Sogou Keyboard was launched in 2006. It's now the No 1 Chinese language input software. Through innovation, Sogou created its \"input-browser search engine three-stage rocket\" business model and acquired users fast, adding more competition to the market and bringing more options for users. Through its spinoff from Sohu.com, Sogou removed system barriers and turned into a separate company. Through a partnership with Tencent, Sogou has gained a firm foothold in the mobile internet era. Through its IPO in the United States, Sogou has gained enough capital to further its advancement in AI. As Sogou grows, it is galvanizing the search market and pushing AI development, which is expected to transform traditional industries.  The advantages of China are threefold. China's vast number of users means that the marginal costs of developing new products and services is reduced, which could lower the entry barrier for companies looking to innovate. Moreover, improvements in China's national infrastructure have resulted in a significant increase in the number of Chinese internet users, now topping 800 million. In addition, Chinese people are dynamic and entrepreneurial. For China, there is still room to improve in terms of fundamental research. However, we are also seeing a marked increase in the amount of spending by Chinese tech companies to support fundamental research, including Sogou. Two papers co-authored by Sogou vice-president Xu Jingfang have been accepted by the 2018 Conference on Empirical Methods in Natural Language Processing, a highly regarded international conference in the field of natural language processing, attended by the likes of Facebook and Google.  There is no doubt that AI will bring about crucial breakthroughs for China's internet and technology sectors. One of the most important, but difficult, aspects of AI is the ability to process language. As AI is further integrated into traditional industries - for example, the manufacturing, healthcare and financial sectors - it will bring significant benefit in terms of efficiency and added productivity. In addition, investors are aware of the added value that AI can bring, and thus there will be a steady flow of funds to support the further development of AI. This in turn will make AI indispensable, and various AI-enabled technologies will be gradually implemented across all industries.  For me, an obvious answer is natural language processing that will facilitate communications between machines and people. At Sogou, we've worked to accelerate the evolution of searches, from providing results to responding to user queries with better, more accurate answers. In addition, AI-powered machine translation will be a major disrupter in the technology sector and serve as a crucial breakthrough by enabling all users to overcome language barriers. This is incredibly important and embodies Sogou's mission of helping people all over the world to communicate and access information. Most recently, Sogou's AI-powered machine simultaneous interpretation technology provided two-way interpretations in Chinese and English during interviews and news conferences at the China Open tennis tournament held in Beijing from Sept 23 to Oct 7. This marked the first time that AI-powered instantaneous translation has played a key role at an international sports event., Computer chips are expected to make remarkable progress as China sees the significance and the urgency of acquiring the ability to develop chips on its own, amid the complex situation between China and the United States. Many companies have announced their heavy investment and research into computer chips; in the meantime the government is encouraging local companies to put more effort in the field with new policies coming out. As an AI company, we invested in AI chip company Thinkforce in 2017. A self-developed chip will be ready at the end of the year.  In China, you can see how the internet and innovation have profoundly changed and interacted with people's lives in every way. New ideas have been encouraged to emerge, which are soon trialed and then widely used. In this innovation-driven country, most companies are looking for ways to have leading technology and innovation engaged in their business. Automation will be seen in more and more work scenarios, dramatically increasing efficiency and freeing up people from repetitive, dull work to do jobs where their innovation and talent can be applied. All the traditional industries are facing complete reform and upgrading through emerging new technologies.  An internet nation requires the fast development of network infrastructure nationwide, a massive group of people who are active network users and a positive open attitude to new technologies. In over 20 years, China has seen the arrival of well over 700 million active network users who are now in the habit of communicating, shopping and surfing on the internet with their mobile phones. They are open to and demanding of new technologies that can make their lives more convenient. This encourages companies to be innovative, to create new applications or reform traditional industries with new technologies. China has many examples that prove that it has the drive to innovate business models with the help of the internet.  The rapid advancements in internet of things technology are already beginning to shape the cities of tomorrow, and people are benefiting from the substantial improvements. The transformation has been taking off thanks to the growing strong computing ability to collect massive amounts of data and the development of the wireless network. We believe the progress in intelligent healthcare in the past year is worth watching. Yitu has been working with over 100 top-ranked hospitals to apply AI technology to clinical work flows, helping doctors read countless CT scans to make their diagnoses. It benefits both doctors and patients to increase efficiency and have a more accurate diagnosis. In the future, we believe AI's development in healthcare will have a far greater positive impact on more people.  Artificial intelligence has already gained a strong momentum in being applied in people's lives, as well as revolutionizing more and more industries, as its research and development deepens. With the technology improving, AI is gradually increasing its impact on the world as it will be used in more business scenarios. To be specific, we believe natural language processing will be the disrupter - as more research focuses on training machines to understand longer and longer context and dialogue, to fully interact with humans in the future., China is one of the leaders in the global internet arena. In recent years, emerging technologies such as artificial intelligence, the internet of things, cloud computing, big data and robotics have opened up vast new potential to bring positive change to people's lives in China and around the world. As a leading global network in the sharing economy, Airbnb embraces new technologies and will continue investing our resources to inspire more innovations that can move us and the entire industry forward. For example, we are currently using AI, machine learning and predictive analytics to look into user behavior, by examining comments, purchases and browsing data, and have used the insights we have gained to adjust our products and operations, helping to provide a better travel experience to both hosts and guests. We have a strong team of engineers who ensure that we continually stay on the cutting edge of technology. In February, Airbnb China launched a dedicated data science team, with team members based in Beijing and San Francisco. The team works closely with Airbnb's global headquarters, which provides strong support in data science for both our domestic and outbound travel businesses.  The internet is one of the new growth drivers of future economic development. The Internet Plus model can be found nearly everywhere in China today, and has become a strong driving force for the transformation of the world's second-largest economy. China is one of Airbnb's most important markets. Our sharing model provides additional revenue streams for hosts and allows guests to explore new areas and contribute to the local economy. We have a long and successful history of working with a wide range of parties - including the Chinese government, businesses and Airbnb users - to jointly promote the healthy development of the sharing economy in China, and we will continue to do so as we develop. We already have memorandums of understanding in place with cities across China including Shenzhen, Guangzhou, Shanghai, Chengdu, Chongqing and Guilin. We will also expand our involvement with local communities to better support our Chinese hosts.  A powerful internet nation is one that embraces innovation, such as the sharing economy. This is where Airbnb sees China's strength. The past four decades have shown that China has a vibrant economic environment that has allowed businesses and industries to flourish. Chinese millennial travelers are the driving force in the travel market, and what they are looking for are unforgettable experiences. Airbnb is increasingly popular with millennials in China and around the world. Today, 80 percent of our user base in China is under 35. They have strong purchasing power and are educated and eager to learn more about the world. This group will soon become the largest segment in Chinese society. In terms of further development and prosperity, it cannot be achieved without the concerted and coordinated efforts of governments, companies, industries and the public. We look forward to being a part of the partnerships that will continue to drive the rapid growth of the internet sector.  The rise of the sharing economy is undoubtedly a major transformation and one that will have far-reaching implications for the future. The strengths of this model are in its ability to optimize and integrate underutilized resources, as well as the direct positive social changes that it can create. For example, the home sharing model applied by Airbnb provides new opportunities for destinations and supports the development of local economies. Airbnb's accommodation marketplace provides access to over 5 million unique places to stay, in more than 81,000 cities and 191 countries and regions. We can see that today, internet technologies are becoming more closely integrated with the sharing economy. As next-generation information technologies - such as the internet of things, cloud computing, big data, artificial intelligence, mobile payment and modern logistics - become increasingly mature, they will provide more solid support for the development of the sharing economy.  I believe that the development of technology always brings with its enormous potential to improve the quality of life. New technologies allow people to access new products or services in a more efficient and convenient way. One of the key trends we are seeing today is the development of technology-enabled platforms that combine both demand and supply to disrupt existing industry structures, such as those we see within the sharing economy. Sharing economy platforms like Airbnb have lowered the barriers for businesses and individuals to create wealth. At Airbnb, we are seeing local hosts and their communities, many in areas untouched by traditional tourism, all benefiting from the development of new technologies, gaining new revenue streams.", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "China and the United States should look at new ways of revitalizing their relationship with emphasis on areas of economic commonality, said former Australian prime minister Kevin Rudd. Rudd's comments came as there have been positive developments between the two nations, including Vice-Premier Liu He's visit to the US for economic and trade consultations, and easing the US stance on its sanctions on Chinese telecom-equipment giant ZTE. \"I see a good first step toward some forms of a deal. I hope this can lead to a more stable relationship predicated on economic commonality and mutual understanding,\" Rudd said in a written interview with China Daily. The former Australian prime minister, a China expert who is fluent in Mandarin, said that China and the US can cooperate in a number of areas of economic commonality such as tourism, infrastructure and medical care, as well as new fields such as digital commerce, digital finance and new technologies. China's Belt and Road Initiative can contribute to \"the huge infrastructure deficits\" in the US and the two countries can also cooperate on development projects across the developing world, Rudd said. Rudd suggested that China and the US, as the world's two largest economies, should use the dispute resolution mechanisms established by the WTO to decide the claims based on fact and merit and the two economies should stand to win - both economically and politically - by working together. Rudd is among some 400 current and former government officials, as well as leading global CEOs, who will attend the New Economy Forum held by Bloomberg and the China Center for International Economic Exchanges in Beijing this November. The forum is expected to serve as a communication platform and stimulate dialogue among global business and political leaders, who will likely touch upon issues ranging from trade and investment to the shape of a new global order led by emerging economies such as China and India, and global challenges such as climate change and inequality. Henry Paulson, former US treasury secretary, who will also attend the forum in Beijing, said that dialogue is needed to foster cooperation and for government and business leaders to address global challenges. \"Even when the tariff impasse is behind us, economic relations between the United States and China will continue to be fraught. It's all the more reason why we need dialogues like the New Economy Forum to foster collaboration and results,\" Paulson said.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": " For those interested in Scottish culture or the thrills and spills of a military spectacular, the internationally renowned Royal Edinburgh Military Tattoo is a must-see event. Now, before making the trip to Scotland in person, Chinese audiences have the chance to experience the event at the cinema. In cooperation with ATW Beijing and CinemaLive, the Tattoo hit the Chinese big screen for the first time on Jan 25 in Beijing, the birthday of Scottish poet Robert Burns. Other screenings opened in Shanghai, Chengdu, Guangzhou and Wuhan on the same day, offering audiences a true taste of Scottish pride and a celebration of world cultures. The event being screened is the 2018 Tattoo which was based around the theme of \"The Sky's the Limit\", commemorating the centenary of Britain's Royal Air Force and echoing Scotland's \"Year of Young People\" in 2018.,Lynsey Fusco, director of marketing and communications at the Royal Edinburgh Military Tattoo, says they chose the aerial theme not simply to pay homage to the Royal Air Force for protecting the skies, but also to encourage young people to avoid placing limits on themselves and reach their true potential. Featuring performers dressed in national costume-the glengarry, waistcoat and kilt-the event showcases authentic Scottish dancing and music characterized by the bagpipes and drums. Apart from the recurring performance of the massed pipes and drums, the event also celebrates international cultures by inviting different military bands and performance troupes from around the world to take part, including Malawi, Oman, Switzerland, the Czech Republic and the United States.,The spectacle is enhanced by visual touches such as projections onto the walls of Edinburgh Castle, spectacular fireworks and laser shows. The Royal Air Force Aerobatic Team, the Red Arrows, also paint the sky with the iconic British national colors of red, white and blue by releasing smoke trails. \"Rather than simply being a series of military musical performances, the Tattoo is a comprehensive display by each country, one after another. During the 90-minute show, you will be able to experience the art and culture of each country, which is highly satisfying visually, aurally and emotionally,\" theater practitioner Cui Hao says. Since its debut in 1950, the Tattoo has been held every year throughout August on the esplanade of Edinburgh Castle, a famous Scottish landmark and historical site. According to the Tattoo's official statistics, the event has been sold out for the past 20 consecutive years, with each year attracting around 220,000 onsite spectators and a TV audience of over 100 million.,\"Cinema is a fantastic way to see the show, since its impeccable sound quality and visuals offer a real flavor of Edinburgh in August,\" Fusco says. Throughout the festival's history, troupes from more than 50 countries have participated in the event, including China. And as far back as 2004, the military band of the Chinese People's Liberation Army was invited to perform at the festival. Most recently, in 2015, a troupe of 80 performers from the PLA band presented a show lasting over 8 minutes which combined army tunes with Chinese folk music. Meanwhile, Fusco is keen to address the increasing demand for the Tattoo overseas. In 2016, the Tattoo staged live performances in Australia and New Zealand, attracting audiences of more than 240,000. As ties between China and the United Kingdom continue to grow, the Tattoo is becoming increasingly well-known in China. The number of Chinese people attending the event in Edinburgh soared in 2016 and the Tattoo is planning to stage performances in China from 2020, Fusco says.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "The Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei province region is expected to see moderate to heavy air pollution from Thursday to Sunday because of unfavorable weather conditions, according to a forecast released by the Ministry of Ecology and Environment on Wednesday. The hourly average concentration of PM2.5 is expected to climb to 200 micrograms per cubic meter, it said. According to the forecast, this round of pollution will influence both the capital region and neighboring areas, including Shanxi and Henan provinces, with the central places affected most. Beijing and several cities in Hebei province, including Shijiazhuang, Baoding, Tangshan and Langfang, will experience moderate to heavy air pollution. Hebei, which surrounds Beijing and usually has frequent smog during winter, issued an orange alert\u00a3\u00adthe second-highest level\u00a3\u00adfor air pollution on Wednesday. Smog is expected to ease gradually starting Sunday night, when cold air arrives in the region. PM2.5, hazardous fine particulate matter with a diameter of less than 2.5 microns, has been a major index for measuring air pollution and is the primary pollutant this time. To improve air quality, China set a target to reduce the average intensity of PM2.5 by about 3 percent year-on-year in the region and surrounding areas from October to March, according to an official plan released in September. During the period, the number of days with heavy air pollution should be also reduced by about 3 percent year-on-year, the plan said. Compared with last year's goal of reducing the average intensity of PM2.5 by 15 percent for the period, this year's target has eased up, a reporter said at a news conference held by the ministry on Wednesday. Ministry spokesman Liu Youbin responded, \"This is a misunderstanding about the plan, and the lower target doesn't mean we will reduce efforts to combat air pollution.\" The mission is tough because the remaining space for reducing emissions has been narrowed after years of effort to improve the region's air quality, Liu said. \"Adjusting the structure of industry, energy resources, transportation and land use are difficult tasks in the process of controlling air pollution,\" Liu said, adding that change cannot happen overnight and the effect might not be seen immediately. Weather conditions from December to February in the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region will be more unfavorable for dispersing pollutants compared to the same period last year, Liu said.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Construction on the site of the Beijing World Horticultural Expo and accessory infrastructure are almost finished, and the site will be put into trial operation on April 5, Zhou Jianping, executive deputy director-general of the Beijing World Horticultural Expo Coordination Bureau, said. The bureau's staff are now working around the clock in preparation for major events to be held during the expo, including the opening ceremony, said Zhou, who also is a member of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference National Committee, China's top advisory body, on the sidelines of the body's annual session that ended Wednesday in Beijing. The expo, to be held in Beijing's Yanqing district from April 29 to Oct 7, is expected to receive 16 million visits from people around the world, he said. As of now, 110 countries and international organizations have confirmed they will attend the expo, Zhou said. \"Plants will be the major role of the expo, and through the expo we hope to spread ecological concepts and present a harmonious relationship of interdependence between man and plants,\"he said. The expo also will promote exchanges and understanding between different countries and improve China's horticulture, he said. A special garden with the Belt and Road Initiative as the theme will be presented during the expo, he said. More than 100 gardens featuring characteristics of various countries and different regions in China, with 1,200 kinds of plants, will be presented during the expo, he said. In addition, more than 2,500 various cultural events will be held, he added. Some of the expo's facilities will be reused for the Winter Olympics, which will be held in Beijing and neighboring Hebei province in 2022, he said.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "  In 2012, tons of recyclable wastes were disposed every day in several waste disposal hubs in Beijing's suburbs. People who worked there usually lived in shacks of few square meters in a dirty and stinky environment. Since the 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China in November that year, Beijing has adopted measures to clean these disposal hubs so as to echo the national strategy of enhancing ecological civilization.,  In 2017, China Daily returned to the villages and compared the current situation with photos taken five years ago. Meadows and lines of seedlings have taken the place of the waste areas. New disposal hubs have been built in planned areas outside Beijing and equipped with new technology and infrastructure that makes recycling more eco-friendly and efficient. With a better environment, the transformation of waste disposal villages will contribute to Beijing's environmental improvement and help get rid of its non-capital functions.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "    Great Wall Motor Co Ltd, one of China's major SUV manufacturers, has benefited from the national strategy for the integrated development of Beijing, Tianjin and Hebei province. After President Xi Jinping initiated the strategy in 2014, transportation among the three neighbors has become more convenient. Great Wall Motor is headquartered in Baoding, Hebei province, about 150 kilometers southwest of Beijing and 180 km west of Tianjin. The Tianjin-Baoding high-speed train came into operation at the end of 2015. It shortened the travel time between Tianjin and Baoding to about one hour. The convenience helps companies such as Great Wall Motor to bring in skilled workers more easily from Beijing and Tianjin, which have abundant talent and research and development resources. Unlike companies that are encouraged to relocate from Beijing or Tianjin to Hebei, Great Wall Motor does not need to move and can enjoy the benefits of its location. To attract and keep talented workers, Baoding is also making efforts to catch up with Beijing and Tianjin in terms of facilities, education and medical services. \"This year, Hebei will strive to narrow the salary gap between the province and Beijing and Tianjin,\" said Yuan Tongli, deputy governor of Hebei. Beijing is increasing the amount of quality resources it exports to its cities in Hebei, which can help attract workers from the capital to move there, where living costs are much lower. Great Wall Motor sold 938,000 SUVs in 2016, seizing 10.4 percent of the domestic SUV market and retaining its No 1 position for 14 consecutive years. Zhang Wenhui, vice-president of Great Wall Motor, said the company's success is based on its technology and innovation. In 2015, Great Wall Motor spent nearly 2.8 billion yuan ($405.72 million) on R&D. To support such research, the company requires a significant inflow of top-level professionals: it now has more than 7,000 R&D-related employees. The past three years witnessed great progress in the region's cooperation in innovation-driven projects, according to the company, which led one such project. At the beginning of last year, Great Wall Motor and 14 companies from Beijing established an innovation center for developing smart vehicles and transportation.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "    Hua Xiaoyi, a long-haired beauty, has the image traditionally associated with a Chinese classical dancer. However, the 25-year-old Hua is going against her long career as a Chinese classical dancer and will stage her first contemporary dance work, titled Every Moment, in Beijing on Oct 31 and Nov 1 before heading to Shanghai on Nov 21 and 22.  Consisting of four sections, the dance work is choreographed by three artists, including Chinese choreographers Gao Chengming, Lou Menghan and British choreographer-dancer Akram Khan.  From different perspectives, the three choreographers explore the identities of women.  \"In my past works, I have portrayed different female roles. But with this work, I want to be myself,\" says Hua. \"Every Moment displays some significant moments from my life, which are subtle but powerful to me. I hope that the audiences will look back at their own special moments after watching this work.\"  In 2013, as the top student in her class, Hua went to study at the Purchase College in New York as an exchange student for three months, where she received training in contemporary dance and ballet.  Besides training, Hua also watched a variety of performances in New York.  One of the shows, Desh, by Akram Khan, changed her view about dancing.  Recalling the performance, Hua says: \"In one and a half hours, he displays himself through rich dancing vocabularies, which are independent and interesting. I want to dance like him.      \"For the first time, I start thinking about talking about myself through dancing.\"  About a year ago, she initiated her idea of Every Moment, which was supported by Xu Rui, the vice president of Beijing Dance Academy.  As the director of the dance work, Xu helped Hua to contact Khan, inviting him to choreograph for Hua.  Hua flew to Moscow in July to meet Khan, when he performed his piece, Until the Lions there.  \"I was thrilled that he agreed to choreograph for me after watching the videos of my dancing,\" says Hua, who traveled to London to meet Khan again to do a rehearsal.  Born in Dalian, in Liaoning province, Hua was introduced to Chinese classical dance by her parents, both dance lovers.  In 2004, she came to Beijing to study at the affiliated school of the Beijing Dance Academy and later study Chinese classical dance at the Beijing Dance Academy.  She is a two-time winner of the Tao Li Cup, the top dance honor for young Chinese professional dancers, in 2009 and 2012.  Now, Hua is a member of the dance troupe of the Beijing Dance Academy.  \"It's not easy to change my dance language from Chinese classical dance to contemporary dance. I don't want to give up my past experience with Chinese classical dance. I want to combine these two forms of dancing,\" says Hua. ", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "The key to guarding the achievements China and the United States made in the previous rounds of the trade negotiation lies in the mutual recognition that a trade war will be detrimental to both sides and the resolution to the trade disputes requires constructive approach instead of short-sighted threats and tactics, experts said on Monday. The Chinese statement released after the latest round of China-US trade discussions in Beijing was seen as an encouraging sign that positive progress is being made as both sides sought to turn the consensus reached in Washington into concrete actions. Experts also sensed a firm and consistent tone in the Chinese message that the country will continuously push reform and opening-up to resolve the trade issues with the US while emphasizing that the achievements of the negotiations will only be effective on the condition that both sides agree not to engage in a trade war. \"Only by agreeing to this common ground can both sides truly implement the consensus reached at the Washington meeting,\" said Tu Xinquan, director of the China Institute for WTO Studies at the University of International Business and Economics in Beijing. Tu said that Sunday's statement reflected China's consistency with its policies, including further liberalizing its markets and pushing high-quality development which will not only benefit Chinese consumers but also help drive global growth. But he added that it did not mean that China will make unconditional concessions if Washington adopts unilateral threatening measures, including tariff hikes. Wang Zhi, director of Research Center of Global Value Chains at the University of International Business and Economics, agreed that a tariff war will hurt both economies and could lead to the unraveling of the entire complex global trading system with disruption reverberating around the world for years. \"If a tariff war is initiated by the US, the economies of two countries will be hurt. US consumer prices would rise and many US companies dependent on trade with China will also be hurt,\" Wang said. Wei Jianguo, former vice-minister of commerce, said that negotiations require sincerity and trust and the US side\u00a1\u00afs practical actions will determine whether the results of trade talks can materialize or not. \"Since China continues to expand imports from the US, the latter should also make a quick response to issues such as opening its manufacturing and service sectors to China and loosening its control on China\u00a1\u00afs high technology,\" he said. Chinese Foreign Ministry said on Monday that the country's door to trade talks is open in principle when asked about when the next round of negotiations with the United States would be. The numerous rounds of trade consultations between China and US indicated the increasing complexity and the longer-than-expected time it may take for both sides to eventually resolve the trade disputes, economists said. \"We may still see more concessions and temporary agreements, but the trade negotiation will likely be more bumpy and longer than before,\" said Wang Tao, chief China economist with UBS Securities.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "  Tan Dun will lead a symphony orchestra and a Mongolian rock band on a fusion path at the ongoing Shanghai festival. Chen Nan reports.  Chinese composer and conductor Tan Dun is a musician of many sounds. Despite his background in classical music - he was trained at the Central Conservatory of Music in Beijing in the 1970s, Tan has created music with the sounds of water, wind, paper and the chirping of birds produced by phones.  Combining classical symphony with rock in his latest experiment, the 60-year-old composer will take the baton, together with the Shanghai Symphony Orchestra and Hanggai, a rock band of ethnic Mongolian musicians, to present a concert, titled Symphonic Rock, in Shanghai on Monday.  The concert is part of the ongoing Music in the Summer Air festival, which kicked off on July 2, and will run for two weeks.  Tan's new work, titled Shanghai Transistor, will premiere at the upcoming concert.  Adapted from one of the songs of Hanggai, with the same title, Shanghai Transistor keeps the rock beats while integrating the symphonic elements. The hit number Four Seasons Song, performed by the late Zhou Xuan, a pop singer and actress from Shanghai, has also been used in the piece.  \"Classical music is struggling to reach new and young audiences. You cannot blame the young people,\" says Tan. \"Rock music is free and enjoyed by young people. By combining rock and symphony orchestra, I want to give classical music a bigger power, longer influence and a larger young audience.\"  Hanggai, the Mongolian term for a place with beautiful pastures, mountains and rivers, was formed by ethnic Mongolian musicians in Beijing in 2004. Now, it has eight members, including the vocalist Ilchi, the morin khuur (horse-head fiddle) player Batubagen and vocalist-guitarist Yilalata.  Tan said in an earlier interview that \"Hanggai is from the vast Mongolian grasslands. I love their music because they have the power of the Earth and nature. Their music also represents a world trend in making music\".  According to Ilchi, who uses his throat sounds as the main vocal contribution, Hanggai collaborated with the National Symphony of China under the baton of Tan during a concert at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing in 2016. They performed together at concerts held in Macao and Shenzhen, Guangdong province, as well.  \"Tan can be global and local with his compositions. His attempts to combine symphonic music with rock are both bold and interesting,\" says Ilchi.  The song Shanghai Transistor is from one of the band's album, titled Horse of Colors, which was released last year. The album features the traditional sounds produced in two distinct pitches by one vocalist, folk instruments and Mongolian lyrics.  At the upcoming concert in Shanghai, the band will collaborate with the Shanghai Symphony Orchestra, performing six original songs, such as Horse of Colors and The Rising Sun.  Another symbol of the grasslands - the Mongolian wolf - inspired Tan's work, Contrabass Concerto: Wolf Totem in 2014. The piece of music also will be presented at the Shanghai concert.  The composer began to work on the piece after reading the Chinese novel Wolf Totem by Jiang Rong. The book tells the story of a young man's obsession with the endangered wolf in the grasslands of the Inner Mongolia autonomous region.  \"Mirroring the human spirit and our relationship with the natural world,\" as the composer describes it, the piece will be performed by Alex Henery, the principal double bass player of the Sydney Symphony Orchestra, and the Shanghai Symphony Orchestra.  With the goal of bridging the gap between classical music and young people, the composer will also present his earlier works Passacaglia: Secret of Wind and Birds and Internet Symphony Eroica in Shanghai. In Passacaglia, Tan has incorporated the chirping of birds produced by phones. The Internet Symphony Eroica features videos of some 3,000 musicians from more than 70 countries.  7:30 pm, Monday. Shanghai Symphony Hall, 1380 Fuxing Zhonglu, Shanghai. 4008-210-522.    ", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "BEIJING\u00a3\u00adEvery now and then, Li Shuang stands by the window of her office and looks out over the incessant stream of traffic on the Third Ring Road of Beijing. The 36-year-old still remembers when cars were rare in the country. \"When I was a child, if someone drove a vehicle, he would receive others' admiration,\" said Li, the CEO of a cultural and creative company. After 40 years of reform and opening-up, China has transformed itself from a land of bicycles to a global automobile market, where a wide range of car brands and models can be seen on the roads. It has become more and more common for Chinese families to purchase a second or a third car. Automobiles have greatly extended the sphere of Chinese people's lives. But more than that, they have become a symbol of individuality. Driving in her imported SUV Volkswagen Touareg, which cost 800,000 yuan (more than $125,000), Li Shuang has made long road trips from Beijing to Southwest China's Tibet autonomous region four times since 2014. One night in 2015, Li encountered a huge storm on her way from Golmud to Lhasa, the regional capital. \"Without street lights, I was not sure whether my car had deviated from the planned route or not,\" Li recalled. \"Then the car was stuck in heavy snow, which left me desperate.\" Fortunately for Li, with the aid of People's Liberation Army soldiers nearby, she and her car were dragged out of the snow. From that point on, her car was more than a vehicle for her\u00a3\u00adit was a friend that accompanied her through thick and thin. Li's story echoes the national story of China. In 1978, China started its reform and opening-up, which has enabled hundreds of millions of Chinese people to own private cars. By the end of 2016, the number of private cars in China had reached 165.59 million. According to newly released data from the China Association of Automobile Manufacturers, China produced some 29 million automobiles last year and sold 28.9 million, ranking No 1 worldwide for nine years in a row. \"When the country has such a big amount of both auto production and consumption, it's time now to discuss the culture behind the booming industry,\" Li Shuang said. According to Beijing Auto Museum, automobile culture encompasses both the material and symbolic aspects of cars. Auto culture exists when cars go beyond transportation, and influence people's lives and social development. In 1994, China released its first automotive industry policy, encouraging private car purchases while forbidding local government sectors from intervening in people's legitimate car purchases or use through administrative or economic means. Since then, more Chinese families have been buying their first cars. Wang Chao, president of Kaiyun Motors, acknowledged that it was still too early for China to have its own car culture. \"Customers care more about the dynamic performance, appearance and cost performance of cars,\" Wang said. In China, there are vintage car collections that serve as a record of auto history and culture. \"But they are a minority interest,\" Wang said. China's top auto website Yiche.com received 151 million daily page views in the third quarter of 2017. Websites and smartphone apps provide information on new car releases, price comparisons and performance evaluation, while it's hard to find channels for automobile history and culture. Hongqi, a name that literally means red flag, is one of the best-known Chinese automobile brands. Jia Yanliang designed the shape and interior of its classic CA770 model in 1964. The 78-year-old senior said automobile culture has passed from generation to generation. \"China is seeing a lot of vehicle consumption,\" Jia said. \"We can see traffic jams in remote county towns.\" \"The knowledge of brands' culture and background is still necessary for drivers if they really hope to know their cars,\" Jia said. In 1958, China assigned the task of manufacturing a high-end domestic sedan to the First Automobile Works, naming it Hongqi to celebrate China's 10th National Day in 1959. The sedan's logo featured Chairman Mao Zedong's calligraphy and a red flag. The CA77X range has been used as the National Day parade sedan and the vehicle for state guests ever since. While designing the sedan, Jia referenced the lines and edges of Ming Dynasty (1368-1644) furniture. \"Chinese traditional culture provides rich inspiration for domestic auto designers,\" Jia said.", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "An unsupervised flower shop operated by a college student in Beijing is attracting many young customers, Chinese media reported. Different from traditional shops in the capital, the young storekeeper surnamed Wang opened the first unsupervized flower shop where people can select flowers and pay via mobile payment systems including WeChat and Alipay. Born after 1995 and a lover of fiction, the young man said he began the startup because it will not take up his time. \"People go to flower shops at any time,\" he said. \"I cannot focus on reading when I have to serve customers.\" So Wang opened the self-service flower shop after doing market research. Most young customers like shopping in a free environment, and hate promotion from clerks, he explained, adding that customers can have their questions answered about categories and names of flowers through mobile apps. Even though there is no shopkeeper, the operation has attracted many young customers and proved to be a success, at least for now. Although he does not sell flowers in the shop in person, Wang said he would call at it at odd intervals everyday. \"It is a business with small investment, and it cannot cause a huge loss if a burglary occurs,\" he said, adding that he trusts people.    ", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "BEIJING - China's latest air pollution inspections have uncovered rampant violations of environmental rules among businesses, highlighting the tough battle ahead against pollution.  From early April to May 11, inspectors discovered that some 6,378 companies, or 66.7 percent of those examined, violated environmental standards, according to findings from a month of inspections across 28 cities in the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region and other nearby areas.  Of those, small-scale firms accounted for more than one-third as regulators struggled to properly regulate them, according to reports from the Ministry of Environmental Protection (MEP).  Excessive emissions and insufficient pollution-control equipment were among the most common problems for the inspected businesses. The MEP has asked local authorities to shut down or halt production at companies that failed to meet environmental protection standards.  The inspections are expected to last for a year.  Earlier official data showed cities in the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region saw more days with \"good\" air quality in April.  The 13 cities in the region reported good air quality on 23 days during the month on average, up 16.5 percent year on year. An average daily Air Quality Index (AQI) of less than 100 is defined as \"good\" under Chinese air quality standards. ", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Four decades ago, Xiantao village in Chongqing's Yubei district was home to farmers working small plots of land from dawn to dusk, just as their ancestors had done for thousands of years. On the same spot today is Chongqing Xiantao Big Data Valley, an industrial park for emerging sectors such as cloud computing and cross-border e-commerce. The park project is one of many examples of the transformation that has occurred in Yubei district since the central government launched reform and opening-up in 1978. Chongqing became the country's fourth municipality in 1997, joining Beijing, Shanghai and Tianjin. A metropolis with more than 30 million people, it has a dynamic economy: GDP exceeded 1 trillion yuan ($144.8 billion) for the first time in 2011. Last year the figure reached 1.95 trillion yuan, up 9.3 percent year-on-year. Located north of the Jialing River, Yubei covers 1,452 square kilometers and has a population of 1.6 million. It was once an agricultural county with large fields and few industrial enterprises, and was among the least-developed areas of Chongqing. Yet efforts to boost technological innovation have seen Yubei grow into an industrial and high-tech power in western China. Its GDP has risen from 150 million yuan in 1978 to 144.7 billion yuan last year, leading the municipality's 38 districts and counties. Yubei is now the largest automobile manufacturing base in Chongqing and a major hub for the production, import and export of smart devices. \"Yubei has paid great attention to technological innovation,\" said Wang Wenwu, director of the district's science and technology committee. In 1982, a science research and development center was established in Yubei to develop and introduce new technologies to farmers. Three years later, a science development fund was set up with a government grant of 285,000 yuan. With this support, the area went on to develop a series of agricultural products that have become well known nationwide, including pickles, tea and liquor. In the 1990s, Yubei began to change from an agriculture county to an industrial district after the local authorities built large-scale development zones to attract investment. \"At that time, we already had a particular interest in high-tech companies that could help upgrade our industries,\" said Wang Huaiding, former head of Yubei. In 1998, Changan Automobile, one of the country's largest carmakers, built a factory in Yubei to produce 150,000 sedans a year. With the dawn of the 21st century, the government drafted a plan to build an \"innovation ecosystem\" to enhance the district's ability to support science research and development. Between 2013 and 2017, total R&D funding rose from 2.52 billion yuan to 5.7 billion yuan, with average annual growth of 26 percent. Now, scientific R&D accounts for 3.94 percent of Yubei's GDP, the highest of any area in Chongqing. As talent is key to innovation, the district plans to attract 1,000 high-level professionals from home and abroad in 10 pioneering technologies, including big data, cloud computing and artificial intelligence. It has also built a vocational college to teach big data skills. In recent years, Yubei has won a number of national awards in science development and innovation, including being named \"national model district in science advancement\" and \"most dynamic city in innovation\".", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "BEIJING -Beijing had fewer smokers in 2016, the second year of the city's smoking ban, according to a white paper issued Wednesday. The rate of smokers aged 15 years old and above in 2016 was 22.3 percent, 1.1 percentage points lower than 2014, amounting to 200,000 less smokers in the city, according to a report on health conditions in Beijing released by the municipal health and family planning commission. The quitting rate -- which measures the percentage of participants who quit smoking during the survey period -- rose by 1.9 percentage points to 16.8 percent in 2016. Another 15.5 percent of the surveyed smokers said they will quit smoking in the next 12 months, said the report. Beijing, which is home to more than four million adult smokers, rolled out what has been deemed the \"strictest smoking ban in history\" on June 1, 2015, prohibiting smoking in indoor public places, workplaces and public transportation. Gao Xiaojun, spokesperson for the Beijing Health and Family Planning Commission, said at the press conference for the release of the white paper, that health authorities will organize contests to encourage smokers to quit. The white paper, the eighth of its kind, also showed that Beijing's average life expectancy rose by 1.56 years in the last eight years, to reach 82.03. Compared with statistics in 2009, Beijing's maternal mortality rate went down by 25.6 percent and the infant mortality rate dropped by 37.7 percent, according to the white paper. However, chronic diseases, including malignant tumors, heart diseases and cerebrovascular diseases, remain grave challenges for healthcare. Last year, mortality rates of these three types, the most fatal chronic diseases for Beijing residents, all rose from their levels in 2015.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "The first China International Import Expo is making a concerted effort to ensure the protection of intellectual property rights and deal with commercial disputes during the event. The event organizer, the China International Import Expo Bureau, has set up a center for IPR protection, where professionals from relevant departments have been invited to offer on-site consultation and services to participants. Wang Bingnan, vice-minister of commerce, said the expo attaches great importance to IPR protection because it is a platform for the release of new technologies and products, and it aims to create a fair trading environment and effectively safeguard the interests of all parties. According to the bureau, specific measures include a work plan for IPR protection during the expo, optimizing regulations on the exhibits and strengthening inspection. Local government departments have also formulated guidelines related to the issue and pushed forward measures to crack down on violations. The move symbolizes China's decadeslong effort to improve IPR protection. The government has made the task a priority and says the measures it has taken have proved effective. The country ranked 17th in terms of the \"most innovative economies\" in the annual Global Innovation Index released in July by the World Intellectual Property Organization and Cornell University in the United States. Last year, China moved up to second place in terms of international patent applications, with about 51,000 applications submitted. According to the Peterson Institute of International Economics in Washington, China's payments of licensing fees and royalties for the use of foreign technology recorded a fourfold increase in the past decade, reaching $28.6 billion last year, ranking fourth in the world. China ranks second globally in the scale of licensing fees paid for technology used within its borders, second only to the US. Shen Changyu, head of the State Intellectual Property Office, said the country will adopt stricter IPR protection regulations and continue to firmly uphold international rules on IPR. \"IPR protection is key to innovation-driven development and international trade, which also plays an indispensable role in the country's opening-up,\" Shen said at the 2018 China Patent Annual Conference in Beijing. He said the country will enhance international cooperation in IPR and promote the building of open, inclusive, balanced and effective international IPR rules. Jin Qin, director of the Office of Technology Transfer at Tsinghua University, said the government should place more emphasis on improving IPR protection, which can optimize the business environment and thereby facilitate innovation. Jin made the comments at the launch ceremony of the Nation Intellectual Property Protection Action Plan, which aims to improve IPR and give impetus to innovative activities.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "China welcomes the recent de-escalation of tensions on the Korean peninsula, and China supports all efforts that will help resolve the nuclear issue through dialogue and consultation, Premier Li Keqiang said. Li made the remarks when asked about Beijing\u00a1\u00afs expectations for the peninsula situation at a press conference held at the end of the annual meeting of the National People's Congress in Beijing on Tuesday. China will continue to do its best to push for the peninsula's denuclearization and secure peace and stability there, Li said. It is hoped all parties involved will show sincerity, take concrete actions, and get the nuclear issue back on track for negotiations, so more new progress will be made towards the peninsula's denuclearization, peace and stability, Li said. This is in the interest of all parties concerned and of the whole world, he added. The peninsula is China's close neighbor and happenings there directly concern China's interests, so it should be expected China has been paying attention to the situation, Li said.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Haidilao, China's biggest hotpot restaurant chain, recently unveiled its first smart hotpot restaurant in Beijing. The kitchen, equipped with two rows of robotic arms, can automatically collect pre-packaged dishes from a cold storage. According to Haidilao, the whole process, from placing an order to delivering food to customers, only takes two minutes in ideal condition. Founded in Sichuan province by former tractor factory worker Zhang Yong 24 years ago, Haidilao now has 362 outlets in the country, as well as outlets in Singapore, Japan, South Korea and the US. Haidilao plans open two more smart hotpot restaurants in Beijing next year.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Beijing\u00a1\u00afs recruitment market is to be opened wider to investment from foreign headhunters, as part of efforts to attract more overseas talent to the city, authorities said on Tuesday. Foreign talent agencies can now own up to 70 percent in a joint venture registered in the Chinese capital, up from 49 percent previously, according to Chen Bei, a spokeswoman for the city\u00a1\u00afs Human Resources and Social Security Bureau. A requirement that foreign investors have at least three years of experience in the recruitment industry overseas before entering the Beijing market has also been removed. \u00a1\u00b0This is the most open policy in China\u00a1\u00afs headhunting market and will bring benefits to both foreign investors and Chinese companies that are short on senior talent,\u00a1\u00b1 Chen said.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "BEIJING - France Day, showcasing France's unique horticulture and its achievements in promoting green development, was observed Friday at the ongoing International Horticultural Exhibition in Beijing.,Exhibitions were held in the French Pavilion to display France's landmarks and natural sceneries as well as green projects jointly launched by France and China such as wetland restoration and wind power generation.,Jean-Maurice Ripert, French ambassador to China, said at the opening ceremony that the Beijing horticultural expo serves as a reminder of the urgency of climate change and biodiversity protection, and it showcases people's aspirations for a sustainable lifestyle and healthy products.,He added that France and China should work together to push forward the transition toward a low-carbon economy.,The Beijing horticultural expo, themed \"Live Green, Live Better,\" is open until Oct. 7 and features a vast collection of flowers, fruit trees, Chinese herbal medicines and plant landscaping techniques, as well as ideas for green development.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "  China will push for legislation on preschool education to regulate teacher behavior and standardize the operation of such institutions, Vice-Minister of Education Tian Xuejun said on Thursday.  \"We are conducting research to introduce a preschool law, and have started the procedure to push for the legislation,\" he said during a news conference in Beijing.  He made the remark after a series of abuse scandals in kindergartens across the country that caused great harm to minors' physical and mental health.  \"I am deeply saddened about the child abuse cases. Such incidents have exposed some problems, including poor management and loose supervision in the preschool system,\" he said.  \"Speeding up the legislation... will offer a legal guarantee when setting up kindergartens and regulating the management of such institutions,\" he said.  In one recent case, parents said their children were abused at an RYB Education kindergarten in Chaoyang district in Beijing. Police investigated and accused one female teacher of using sewing needles to \"discipline\" children who didn't take a nap.  The 22-year-old teacher, surnamed Liu, was detained under criminal law by police and the kindergarten apologized for the incident.  Beijing's education department has ordered tighter management of preschools, especially in improving moral codes of conduct applied to teachers. Three Chaoyang education officers have been investigated for weak supervision of private kindergartens, according to Beijing police.  Tian said the case has exposed the conflict between the public demand for and insufficient development of preschool education.  He said education departments will formulate strong supervision measures and beef up investigations to keep kindergartens operating legally, then improve the quality of instruction.  Zheng Xinjian, director of juvenile prosecution under the Supreme People's Procuratorate, said that to tackle the issue, prosecutors will severely punish those who harm minors' rights and compromise safety at schools or kindergartens.  Prosecutors will be sent to schools and kindergartens to publicize the laws, especially to raise the awareness of teachers and kindergarten managers.   ", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "  Huang Xiaoru is happy. She won a painting award in a competition and has gone to several events organized by her primary school.  The 8-year-old and her younger brother attend Wanxiu Primary School in Nanning, Guangxi Zhuang autonomous region, after migrating with their parents several years ago from a rural area.  \"Our class has 54 pupils, 44 of whom are children like Huang,\" said Chen Jinling, head teacher of Huang's class.  Instead of leaving children behind in their home villages to be cared for by aging grandparents, more Chinese migrant workers are taking them along to cities, where they can find better care and education.  China has around 14 million children who live with migrant parents in cities, and 9 million \"left-behind\" children who remain in rural areas.  In recent years, the Chinese government has urged public schools to simplify their qualification requirements and recruit as many children of migrant workers as possible to ensure the children get an education.  However, because of limited capacity, public schools in cities cannot absorb all the children of migrant workers.  \"Ten years ago when we brought our eldest daughter here, she could not enter a public school, as we only had a rural household registration,\" said Tang Haiyan, a female migrant worker in Nanning.  Things are easier now: Tang's second daughter attends a public primary school in the city.  \"Parents who have the right documents for residency and work are able to enroll their children,\" said Lei Youheng, headmaster of a primary school in Nanning.  The central government has allocated an urban-rural compulsory education fund that will benefit millions of children of migrant workers in cities. They will get free textbooks and exemptions from school fees. Living subsidies will be offered to boarding students whose families have financial difficulty.  However, gaps still remain. Cities trying to control population growth have pushed policies based on factors such as parents' jobs, educational background and property ownership, according to Qin Hongyu, a researcher at the 21st Century Education Research Institute, a nonprofit organization.  \"The score indexes are favorable for advantaged groups but unfair to rural migrant workers' children in getting equal access to education,\" he said.  Zhang Mei, a university researcher who has lived in Beijing for nearly 20 years, said: \"When the supply is not increased, newcomers and grassroots locals have to compete for education resources.\"  Tan Ping, 16, is not interested in continuing at a public school in Beijing. He wants to find a job to support the family.  His father and mother are migrant workers. His mother has a kidney illness, and his two younger brothers rely on social aid to attend a private school.  Like Tan, many children of migrant workers lack a comfortable environment to continue learning after school, usually living with their parents and siblings in shabby, crowded houses, a factor leading to poor academic results.  A university survey tracking 1,866 students in 50 junior middle schools for migrant workers' children in Beijing found that only 39 percent of students continued their education into senior middle school and only 6 percent entered a university.  A sense of isolation is another challenge. The circles of friends of such children are often other migrant workers.  \"Policy barriers can be removed overnight, but psychological gaps will take two to three generations to overcome,\" said Li Tao, founder of a Beijing-based organization devoted to improving the lives of migrant workers and their children.  Xinhua", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "The growth of takeout food deliveries provides customer convenience, but also poses an eco-threat, as Zheng Jinran reports.  On workdays, Ma Rong, a 25-year-old white-collar worker in Beijing, usually orders takeout at lunchtime, especially on hot summer days, to avoid crowded restaurants and save time.  \"We don't have a canteen or time to cook when working, so we have to rely on takeout,\" she said.  Easy access to the internet and efficient delivery mean a growing number of people are taking advantage of takeout services. While these services bring convenience, the nonbiodegradable plastic bags and boxes used to wrap and deliver the food are damaging the environment, while mass provision of single-use wooden chopsticks is depleting natural resources.  Data released in August by the China Internet Network Information Center show that between January and July, 295 million people in China ordered takeout via the internet. In December 2015, the number was 114 million.  As a result, the takeout sector has seen explosive growth, with the number of domestic users rising by 2.6 times in just 18 months, according to the center, the national organization for online businesses.  Moreover, the surge is set to continue, according to Jiang Junxian, head of the China Cuisine Association. Speaking at the opening ceremony of the first forum on takeout services on July 1, Jiang told the audience that 345 million people are expected to order takeout in 2018.  In addition, people are also likely to place orders more frequently. According to data compiled by ele.me, a leading supplier of takeout food, 66 percent of those who used the company's services last year will place one order a week this year.  However, what's good for business isn't always good for the environment, and public concern is growing.  \"On average every order includes at least four plastic bags and boxes to pack the food, plus a set of disposable chopsticks, spoons and napkins,\" Ma said, adding that the materials inevitably end up in the trash can.  \"I know that plastic contaminates the environment but there's no alternative because restaurants don't use biodegradable bags.\"  Models devised by the Green Volunteer League, an environmental NGO in Chongqing, present an alarming picture of consumption and pollution in the sector.  On Aug 20, the NGO wrote an open letter to major meal delivery platforms stating that its calculations show that if every takeout included 1.5 pairs of chopsticks (the average number used) and a major platform received 13 million orders in a day, more than 1.95 million pairs of chopsticks would be required to meet demand.  That scenario would see more than 6,700 trees being felled, resulting in the destruction of forest ecosystems and eco-degradation, the NGO said.  Xue Yue, an expert in plastic pollution at the China National Resources Recycling Association in Beijing, said most of the plastic packaging ends up in landfills or incinerators.  \"Most of this packaging is nonbiodegradable, so it can plague the environment for decades or even hundreds of years,\" he said. \"The low cost of nonbiodegradable plastic is the main reason it is so dominant in the market.\"  He added that the low recycling rate for plastic packing is exacerbating the situation.  On Sept 1, No 4 Intermediate People's Court in Beijing accepted a lawsuit filed against three delivery platforms by the Green Volunteer League.  The league claims that the disposable packaging used by the platforms, including ele.me and a rival called Meituan, poses a high risk of environmental contamination and ecological damage. Moreover, it criticized platforms for not providing customers with a choice of alternative packaging materials.  Wang Mingyuan, a professor of environmental law at Tsinghua University, spoke out in favor of the lawsuit: \"I think it indicates growing awareness of pollution caused by takeout food companies, and could make them amend their practices.\"  However, he pointed out that litigants rarely win public interest cases because the complexity of such suits means it is difficult to ascribe legal responsibility.  \"It's much better to directly contact government departments, which can work with these companies to make improvements,\" he added.  Many delivery businesses now accept that the sector is damaging the environment, and are adopting measures to combat the problem.  On June 29, the China Environmental Protection Foundation, a green NGO, the China Cuisine Associat ion, Meituan and about 100 food producers announced the formation of an organization to promote environmentally friendly takeout services.  \"Among our 10 initiatives, we are calling for widespread use of eco-friendly packaging for takeout,\" said Bai Xiangdong, the foundation's director of business development.  \"We recognize the risk of pollution and understand that delivery platforms are responsible for controlling it. That means it is necessary for us to take measures such as setting up our organization.\"  On Aug 31, the day before the court accepted the lawsuit, Meituan pledged to upgrade its takeout app to provide customers with the option of ordering food in nonplastic packaging and without chopsticks, spoons or napkins.  Meanwhile, on Sept 6, ele.me published a plan to offer a similar service and promote incentives to encourage customers to embrace the change.  The company's statement said more measures will be adopted, including forming a new industry association - comprising companies, NGOs and experts - which will focus on environmental protection and call for national environmental standards on packaging in the sector.  According to Bai, from the China Environmental Protection Foundation, most packaging used for takeout food is dumped in trash cans, which means it is processed with other household garbage. He urged greater sorting of waste materials as an environmental protection measure which could reduce the volume of packaging, chopsticks and napkins in landfills, and also reduce emissions of pollutants from incinerators.      \"It would reduce takeout pollution, but the work would have to be done by local governments to ensure it is done properly,\" he said.  In March, Renmin University of China published a report on a garbage-sorting project in Beijing whose use indicated improved energy conservation and lower economic costs.  Song Guojun, a professor of environmental studies at Renmin who led the survey group, calculated that if the project had been in use in 2015 the cost of incineration services in the capital would have fallen by 64 percent, from 4.22 billion yuan ($638 million) to 1.53 billion.  Along with NGOs and large companies, a growing number of individuals are working to raise awareness of environmental protection.  Since 2011, Guo Liang, a physics teacher at a middle high school in Feixiang county, Hebei province, has guided a group of students who make models from waste packaging.  The students found the raw materials in the street, which raised their awareness of pollution and made them think twice about using disposable chopsticks, according to Guo.  He quoted the students' summary of the project: \"As individuals, we cannot really make a huge difference in the consumption of plastic, but we should always strive to make changes, no matter how trivial.\"  Jiang Chenglong contributed to this story.  Contact the writer at zhengjinran@chinadaily.com.cn      (China Daily 09/28/2017 page6)", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "On March 22, 1963, the Beatles released their debut album,  . Recorded in EMI's Abbey Road studio, it reached the top of the British album charts in May of that year and remained there for 30 weeks before being replaced by their second album, . It also started the journey of arguably the most legendary and revolutionary rock bands of all time, brought into being by its four members - Paul McCartney, John Lennon, George Harrison and Ringo Starr - in Liverpool in 1960. Fifty-five years later, from March 22, 2018, 28 famous Beatles albums including    and  have been made available on major Chinese streaming services, such as QQ Music, Kugou and Kuwo.,To mark the 55th anniversary of the release of the band's debut album, a Chinese documentary titled  has been launched on three online streaming music services under Tencent Music Entertainment Group-QQ Music, Kugou and Kuwo. With one episode being streamed online each week, the documentary, which has five episodes, has veteran Chinese singer-songwriters and music critics sharing their memories of the Beatles and discussing the bands enduring influence. An exhibition, titled is currently under way at the Today Art Museum in Beijing. Kicking off on March 24 and running until May 27, the exhibition displays posters, newspaper articles, album cover art, famous quotes, videos, audio clips and more than a hundred photos of the Beatles, from behind-the-scene shots to live shows, spanning from 1963 to 1972 and shot by photographers from Britain's The Mirror newspaper. \"The first time I read about the Beatles was in a youth magazine in the 1980s when I was a student at the Central Academy of Drama in Beijing,\" recalls renowned music critic Zhang Youdai in Beijing at the exhibition's opening ceremony. \"Their name was literally translated into Chinese as . The article said that the band influenced a whole generation of young people in the 1960s and I was curious about them and their music.\",Then Zhang asked one of his classmates, a Japanese student, to buy him a cassette during a trip to Hong Kong at that time. Unfortunately, his classmate bought a cassette by a band from the Philippines covering Beatles' songs. \"When my Japanese classmate finally bought me the legal recording of the Beatles, I listened to their songs and realized why they influenced so many people,\" says Zhang. \"They invented a new sound for a rock band. I particular enjoyed their impeccable vocal harmonies.\" As he grew up, Zhang became a big fan of the Beatles and bought the band's albums on his travels around the world. One of his favorite songs from the band is called which was written by Lennon and McCartney and was released as a single from their album   in 1969. \"I particularly like the lyrics: 'Boy, you're gonna carry that weight, Carry that weight a long time'. When I listened to that song in my 20s, I was overwhelmed then and I am overwhelmed even today,\" says Zhang. \"Undoubtedly, they are one of the greatest bands in the world and their legacy can still be felt today around the world.\",Besides Chinese fans, the Beatles have also been a great inspiration for Chinese singer-songwriters. Beijing-based indie band,  traveled to London to record their new album, titled at Abbey Road Studios last year, as a tribute to the Beatles. They have collaborated with Scottish musician and producer Howard Bernstein, professionally known as Howie B, who has worked with artists like U2. The four members of the band also took a picture outside the studio, imitating the cover photo of the Beatles Abbey Road album, which is regarded as one of the most iconic images of pop history. \"There were lots of tourists taking photos on the road. Because of the Beatles, people make the pilgrimage to London to follow in their footsteps. We were deeply impressed,\" says Kong Yang, the band's lead vocalist. \"When we were working in the Abbey Road Studio, we felt close to not only the Beatles but also to George Martin, who produced many of the Beatles' classic albums,\" adds guitarist Huang Zijun. \"Producing an album is like doing experiment in a lab. It's the achievement of all four members of the Beatles and George Martin.\" The band was founded by lead vocalist Kong and guitarist Huang when they were about 16 years old. In 2005, they moved from their hometown, Liuzhou, in South China's Guangxi Zhuang autonomous region, to the capital to pursue their music dream. So far, they have released eight studio albums. \"We admire the Beatles' creative songwriting, which evolved along with their personal growth. It's amazing to think that 50 years later we are looking back on their music, which is still vibrant and pioneering,\" says Kong.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Nearly 2,000 volunteers are gearing up for the trial operation and opening ceremony of the International Horticultural Exhibition 2019 in Beijing. They will play a range of roles, from translation to giving directions and finding logistical loopholes - even simulating visitors' experiences. The volunteers comprise the first group of the total 20,000 volunteers to be enlisted during the expo, which is set to run from April 29 to Oct 7 in Beijing, according to Dai Bin, head of the volunteer department of the expo's coordination bureau. The opening ceremony will take place on April 28 at the Guirui Theater, the butterfly-shaped stadium in the 503-hectare expo park in Yanqing district. Multiple rehearsals and internal testing of the entire site will be rolled out with the help of the volunteers, he said. \"Most volunteers are college students majoring in agriculture, forestry, telecommunications, foreign languages and media, and the majority have had previous volunteer experience,\" Dai said. \"Together with expo workers, the volunteers will conduct trial runs to locate and fix possible flaws before the expo officially kicks off,\" he said, adding that they will also step in to assist with guiding, first aid and live broadcasting. \"Though English will dominate most of our translation services, we have also taken in volunteers fluent in eight other foreign languages, including Russian, French, Spanish and Arabic, to accommodate the needs of more international tourists,\" he said. Since the recruitment drive for expo volunteers was launched in January, more than 10,000 applications have been received via face-to-face consultations and by phone, and about 15,000 applicants have signed up online, the bureau said. Most online application portals will remain open until late September. To ensure that successful applicants - mostly college students with homework and classes - will receive appropriate and efficient training, Dai said, technology has been used to cut down on the number of large gatherings. \"We have adopted short videos and cartoon clips, along with the conventional method of presenting information in slides and text to prepare our teams,\" Dai said. Dong Jinhang, a senior majoring in ornamental horticulture at Beijing Forestry University, will begin a two-week volunteer stint at the expo later this month. She appreciated the combination of offline sessions and digital tutorials for training. \"I was able to meet and connect with experienced volunteers who shared valuable, real-life experience with us,\" she said. \"Meanwhile, I can always watch the training videos during my leisure time to reinforce my memory and basic knowledge of the venues and exhibitions.\" Experienced volunteer Chen Wenting, 44, from Zhangjiakou in Hebei province, said, \"I am now fully prepared to channel my enthusiasm into the work to ensure the smooth operation of the international event.\"", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "  Beijing Capital International Airport Co Ltd has seen significant revenue growth from its non-aviation income, thanks to the booming business of duty-free stores, driven by a constantly growing number of international travelers and their strong spending power. In the first half of this year, the airport netted sales revenues of 4.61 billion yuan ($700 million), an 8.8 percent increase year-on-year. Of that total, non-aviation income reached 2.16 billion yuan, jumping 13.5 percent over the previous period, according to its latest earnings report. The airport said in its report that income growth of the non-aviation sector mainly comes from the growth of duty-free retailing business. In addition, income from advertising and catering has also helped to boost the airport's revenue growth. The increasing number of international travelers has resulted in the launch of more brands and stores, it said. This year, the Chinese government started to allow airports to run open tenders for duty-free concessions. By June 30, the tender result released and showed that China Duty Free Group won the bid of running duty-free stores at the airport's Terminal 2, and Sunrise Duty Free won the bid of Terminal 3. Both companies will get the management rights for eight years. Under the new agreements, duty-free operators at Beijing airport will share about half of their sales revenues with the airport operator, compared with 20 percent earlier. \"With the constant increase of Chinese tourists who travel abroad, it's very necessary to launch more duty-free stores at those airports in major and second-tier cities,\" said Zhu Weilong, an analyst at Kent Ridge Consulting. \"Those consumers who fly abroad and fly back have the shopping demand and abilities. There is a significant growth potential of the duty-free business at the airports in China.\" By 2020, the number of outbound travelers is expected to exceed 200 million, surging 63.9 percent over 2016, according to the forecast of China National Tourism Administration. Meanwhile, the Hong Kong-listed Beijing Capital International Airport achieved net profits of 1.26 billion yuan in the first half, surging 39.6 percent year-on-year. Japan's Daiwa Institute of Research Group said in its report that Beijing Capital International Airport performed outstandingly in the first half year. For the full year, it has raised its forecast of the earnings per share for 12 to 13 percent. For 2019, Daiwa cut its forecast of the earnings per share for 8 percent, as it expects the new Beijing airport facility is likely to have an impact on the performance of the old capital airport. In the first half of 2017, 291,431 flights took off and landed at Beijing Capital International Airport, a 2.11 percent dip year-on-year. During the period, the passenger throughput reached 46,626,794, edging up 2.28 percent over the previous period.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "  A film festival about the great outdoors is getting the attention of young sports fans, Zhang Xingjian reports. When Qian Haiying first introduced Canada's Banff Mountain Film Festival to China in 2010, it was initially out of her interest in outdoor sports. She and her team\u00a3\u00admainly three members\u00a3\u00adwere seeking funding and a chance to develop their fan base. Ultimately, Qian quit her job as a marketing executive in IBM and devoted herself to the founding of Banff China, a film festival that aims to promote outdoor and nature documentaries in the country. Banff China has grown rapidly over the past seven years. This year's festival will launch its tour in Beijing on June 24 and then go to Shanghai, Guangzhou, Shenzhen and Chengdu. The festival not only promotes mountain culture, but also covers diving, running and skiing. The festival that runs through September has hosted a series of seminars, lectures and training programs since May. All activities aim to give people more understanding of the fun of outdoor sports and related lifestyle, Qian says. \"When I was fresh in outdoor sports, China had not taken up that craze, and I often learned about outdoor sport ideas and skills from foreign countries,\" the 43-year-old recalls.,  Regarded as the \"Oscars of outdoor sports\", the Banff Mountain Film Festival was launched by two renowned climbers, John Amati and Chic Scott, in the Canadian town of Banff in 1975. As an international film competition and an annual presentation of short films and documentaries about mountain culture, sports and environment, it has become a popular gathering of outdoors enthusiasts, including sports fans, adventurers, photographers, filmmakers and environmentalists from around the world. As an enthusiast of marathons, diving, skiing and skydiving, Qian first attended the Banff Mountain Film Festival in Canada in 2009. There was no such kind of event in her homeland, and Qian came up with the idea to bring the festival to China. Qian says the festival is growing as enthusiasm for outdoor sports grows. A light show titled LightAnimal has been incorporated this year, showcasing the possibilities of education about animals in a spectacular way. LightAnimal is a digital exhibition providing virtual encounters with any animal species. Its moving images can be shown in any kind of venue, small or large, and it is interactive. \"LightAnimal can show and explain the animals' behavior in a way that would be impossible to see in a captive environment. LightAnimal creatures are also interactive, which means that they can perceive and react to members of the audience who stand in front of the screen,\" says Haruyoshi Kawai, director and animator of the LightAnimal project team.,  \"Above all, it has no impact on animals in the wild because it is virtual. People can enjoy watching the virtual creations, and simply look and learn,\" Qian says. \"This year, we have brought LightAnimal to Beijing, hoping more people, children in particular, can discover the mystery of the ocean,\" she adds. Two months ago, Qian saw an online news story about a sperm whale stranded at a port in Shenzhen, South China's Guangdong province. The whale later died. She was sad about the whale and determined to do something for marine creatures. In this year's film festival, she proposed an environmental initiative, \"Say No to Plastic\". \"Each time I have gone diving with my teammates, I have witnessed the terrible impact of plastic on the whole ocean and living creatures,\" Qian explains. \"The plastic can be broken into extremely tiny parts. Some of them will go into the bodies of maritime creatures while others, mixed with sea salt, will be consumed by us humans again.\",  \"The environmental problems are not far away from us. Instead, they are so close to our modern life that we barely notice them,\" Qian says. Meanwhile, a training program to encourage more talent to go into outdoor sports documentary shooting will be launched at this year's film festival. \"We have done a survey that shows our main audience is between 25 to 45 years old. Passionate and energetic, college students are the main force of the targeted group. And we hope the training program will let more young people know about us,\" Qian says. Before entering the universities, many college students are under huge academic pressure, which leaves them little time to think about their lives. \"But everything changes after living in an ivory tower, and they gradually get to know society. Faced with many choices, they can decide themselves who they really want to be,\" she says. \"Developing the hobby of outdoor sports is a pretty good choice. They can make new friends, develop a healthy lifestyle and get closer to nature.\" The training program will start at Beijing's Peking University and be promoted at other universities in the future. Related: ", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Over 500 tourism corporation representatives, experts and government officials recently gathered in Beijing for a forum to discuss tourism companies\u00a1\u00af social responsibility in the integration of culture and tourism. It was co-hosted by China Tourism Academy and China Tourism Association. Keynote speakers exchanged views with each other, looked at previous achievements in the tourism industry since China\u00a1\u00afs reform and opening up in 1978, as well as looking forward to the future. Official data shows that, until the end of 2017, China boasted about 27,900 travel agencies, more than 30,000 scenic areas, and 457,800 accommodation service providers.,Last year, overseas tourist visits to China reached 139 million, representing an increase of 0.8 percent over 2016, while 5 billion domestic tourists enjoyed the nation\u00a1\u00afs attractions. Luo Shugang, minister of the Ministry of Culture and Tourism of China, said in his speech that over the past four decades, China has experienced great development of its tourism, which plays a more and more important role in the economic development of society. He said the tourism industry has become a road to prosperity for farmers and helps rejuvenate the economy in rural areas. China Tourism Academy\u00a1\u00afs head, Dai Bin, said it\u00a1\u00afs essential to boost the innovation of academic theories and research about tourism, and train more talents for the industry. A supervisory mechanism is also needed to ensure tourists\u00a1\u00af rights and enhance their travel experience. ", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Shows : Feb 18-21 - 7:30 pm : National Centre for the Performing Arts : 180-380 yuan The magistrate of Ye county, Ye Zigao professes to adore dragons. On his 60th birthday party, he performs dragon dances and sings dragon songs with guests. Informed of this, a little dragon in heaven asks his father, \"Does Ye really love us?\" To set the facts straight, the little dragon and his father appear before Ye in tandem, but how will Ye respond to them? Can the little dragon get an answer? The drama is performed by China National Theatre for Children, formerly the China National Children's Art Theatre of the People's Republic of China. It was founded in 1956 and the first president was Ren Hong.,: March 17-18 : China Culture Center : 180-1,680 yuan No visit to China should be considered a complete without at least a stop in Xi'an. Xi'an had long been the capital of ancient China. The emperor Qin Shihuang went on to establish the first imperial capital of China in Chang'an (present-day Xi'an). Located at the eastern end of the Silk Road, Xi'an is home to some of the most spectacular sights in China, including the UNESCO-listed mausoleum of Emperor Shihuang with its thousands of life-sized terracotta warriors and horses. Xi'an's excellent museum is one of the best in China, with Tang Dynasty (618-907) pottery figurines and other relics. The Muslim Quarter, the Great Mosque, and the spectacular City Walls are all great historical sites. The lesser-known Terracotta Warriors of Hanyangling, or nicknamed \"nude figures of warriors\" is in the mausoleum of the Western Han Emperor Liu Qi and his wife, the Empress Wangi, located 22 kilometers from both Xianyang airport and Xi'an.,: Feb 10 - 4 pm : China Culture Center : 250 yuan Learn how to prepare two very traditional Chinese dishes, noodles and dumplings from a master chef in this interactive class. First, our professional chef will demonstrate how a shapeless ball of dough can be pulled into very thin \"whisker\" noodles in a matter of minutes. Also called \"longevity noodles,\" the noodles we'll be stretching are different from the thick, elastic, Shaanxi-style variety and are traditionally served on birthdays, especially for the elderly. Though our chef makes it look easy, making them is a lot harder than it looks! See for yourself why chefs train for months before being able to successfully transform a slippery mass of dough into the delicate noodles on your dinner plate. After playing with the noodles for a bit, the dough you prepared for dumplings at the beginning of class will be ready. Our chef will first show you how to prepare the dumpling skins. Then, you'll make your own vegetable and meat dumplings using two prepared fillings. Just as with noodles, it's harder than it looks! By the end of the class, you taste your own creations.,: Feb 10-Dec 31 - 7 pm : Lianhua Building 1070, Jianshe Road Luohu, Shenzhen, Guangdong : 110 yuan Gary is a master of Wing Chun, a type of kung fu that was popularized by movie star legend Bruce Lee. The mythical legend Ip Man was Bruce Lee's master that originated from Foshan, Guangdong who brought his skills to Hong Kong in 1949. Lam is a fourth generation apprentice of Ip man and has trained people of all types through out the world. He'll explain the specialties of Wing Chun and the philosophy behind it. And then he will perform some movements in one of the patterns called \"Xiaoniantou\". Everyone will practice these three times and Gary will correct your movements. Gary will also show you using the famous Wing Chun wooden dummy and demonstrate how to attack an opponent using Wing Chun from a very short distance.,: March 3 - 6:30 pm : The Westin Beijing Chaoyang : 280-1,280 yuan The British Club of Beijing in association with the Beijing Fringe Theatre presents A Mad Hatter's Tea Party. This dinner theatre extravaganza includes both a cocktail reception, and the main event, a seriously fun interactive four-course dinner affair. Lots of fun, excitement and laugh out loud moments to be had by all. The event benefits the Migrant Children's Foundation. Brush off your formal wear, polish those heels, don your hats (optional but recommended) and join us for a truly Mad Hatter's Tea Party.,: Feb 10 - 9 am : International School of Beijing The BYBL Basketball is a platform served for young athletes to develop their fundamental basketball skills, team cooperation and culture through well organized and fair competitions, and the League is formed with voluntary will of local basketball clubs and or schools in and around Beijing area. The League shares with all participating teams, including their coaches and young athletes, a belief that development of young athletes is the priority and winning is part of the process. Since Fall of 2015, BYBL has been run by Sports Beijing, a non-profit organization, and has been a mature and healthy youth basketball league. BYBL seasons: Spring season (February to July) and Fall season (September to January); BYBL age group: U10, U12, U14 and U16; BYBL season format: 5-6 Sundays with each Sunday 2-3 games for each team; BYBL game format: 2 halves of 16 minutes each with stopped clock; BYBL Facilities: fine indoor facilities free of air pollution.,: March 3 - 9 pm : Dusk Dawn Club : 50-70 yuan Macondo makes some of the most interesting and exciting music coming out of Beijing today: instrumental rock with elements of math-core, infused with vibes drawn from 70s psychedelic music, adding the production and sound of today's electronic music. Their unique music shifts from sounds that are ambient and heavy, spacious and dense to atmospheric but rhythmically driven. Bombastic drumming, layered with lush floating guitar textures and earthshaking energetic bass attack, and otherworldly synthesizer sounds. Formed in 2014, the band quickly made a splash on the Beijing music scene, their live shows left audiences open-mouthed, describing it as \"Volcano Rock\".,: March 3-April 6 - 10:30 am : OCT Theater, Beijing : 59-189 yuan It's a cold winter on Mossy Bottom Farm. Shaun, Bitzer and his friends from the Flock; Shirley, Timmy, Timmy's Mum & Nuts are having great fun playing around their favorite tree in the Sheep's field. When the Farmer discovers Bitzer has used the last piece of firewood, he decides the tree has to go! The Sheep fear the worst, until they realize the Farmer is unable to chop the tree down by himself. However the Farmer has a plan, and calls for help. Will the Flock be able to save their beloved tree or will the Farmer and his villainous accomplice succeed in giving it the chop?,: Feb 17-21 - 7:30 pm : National Centre for the Performing Arts : 180-1,080 yuan Born in the wild unspoiled lands of Connemara, Ireland back in 2001, created by a small team of young talents from Galway with a huge reputation for their contribution to Irish music and dance. The music is traditional at its raw and unique base uniting some of Irelands most loved national instruments, the fiddle driving frenetic reels, the Bodhran beating out the driving rhythms of the band, the plaintive Uilleann pipes calling back with beautiful and haunting slow airs. Not forgetting those slow and moving ballads sung like a whisper on the wind. The dancers take the stage with brilliant flashes of speed. All of our dancers have performed from an early age winning many world championships and have toured with shows like Riverdance and Lord of the Dance.,: Feb 10 - 7:30 pm : NCPA's opera house, Beijing : 100-1,300 yuan The Guangzhou Ballet stands head and shoulders in following Chinese traditions. It rearranges and performs a series of Chinese ballets such as Lanhuahua, Goddess of the Luo River, Celestial Phoenix, Mei Lanfang, Dreaming Red Mansions, Turandot, and Chinese-style symphonic ballets including Yellow River, Liang Shanbo and Zhu Yingtai (The Butterfly Lovers), as well as Violin Concerto No 1, revealing its unique style of art and passion for creation. Meanwhile, the Ballet has attached great importance to talent development. By inviting specialists and celebrated ballet tutors both at home and abroad for training and programming, the troupe has maintained its vigor and vitality, gradually formed a mature artistic style and fostered a good number of exceptional dancers, winning wide attention in the ballet circles both domestically and internationally.,: Feb 12-13 - 7:30 pm : NCPA's opera house, Beijing : 160-880 yuan Flamenco is an integrated arts in Spain, It combines dancing, singing, instrumental music in one. The art form was popular in southern Spain in the past, and it has now expanded to the vast areas of Spain and Europe, as the representation of art throughout Spain. Some people call it the art treasure of Spain. Flamenco, quiet and soft with fanaticism, unrestrains two diametrically opposite emotions together to form a unique form of expression. Singers, dancers, guitarists on stage embrace the same emotion to reach out to the audiences. Men dance powerfully with rhythm; women dance gracefully, soft and full of temptation. Performance, singing, clapping, tap dance step into the sound of castanets. The atmosphere is very warm. The most natural form of flamenco dance usually tells the story of love and hate, and through their movement and skills on the stage, audiences can fully understand the true spirit of the Spanish joyancy.,: Feb 10 - 10 pm : Great Friends Outdoors, Shanghai : 100 yuan Long time kung fu comedy (Shanghai) veteran, multiple time finalist in the HK International Comedy Competition, and now New York comedy regular, Turner Sparks makes his way back to Beijing for our first ever show at the Great Outdoors. Tuner is one of our favorites, and one of the funniest guys to ever come out of the Chinese comedy circuit, so this one should be a blast.,: Feb 11 - 8 pm : The Bookworm, Beijing : 100-180 yuan Kyle Christian Kinane is an American stand-up comedian, actor and voice actor from Addison, Illinois. Born and raised in the Chicago area, Kyle has quickly become a favorite of the Los Angeles comedy scene with his distinctive, growling delivery, his conversational storytelling style and his penchant for brutal self-deprecation. The London Evening Standard once called Kyle \"bleak and misanthropic,\" but he prefers to describe himself as a \"bag of garbage and a real pile of trash.\" He is an internationally touring comedian who has appeared on \"@Midnight,\" \"The Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon,\"\"Conan,\" \"Workaholics,\" \"This Is Not Happening,\" \"Not Safe with Nikki Glaser\", \"Comedy Bang! Bang!\" and many others. Kyle also voiced the character Ice Cream in the Disney XD series Right Now Kapow. He plays Rod on the TruTV series, Those Who Can't since 2016.,Nightlife & Activities : Feb 11 - 2:30 pm : China Culture Center : 150 yuan Preparations for the Chinese New Year in old China started well in advance of the New Year's Day. The 20th of the Twelfth Moon was set aside for the annual housecleaning, or the \"sweeping of the grounds\". Every corner of the house must be swept and cleaned in preparation for the new year. Then kitchen god will be worshiped. This talk will explain the history, symbol, custom and activities of the whole month for Chinese New Year. Then the teacher will talk about the Spring Couplets, which was written in black ink on large vertical scrolls of red paper, and were put on the walls or on the sides of the gate-ways. These couplets, short poems written in classical Chinese, were expressions of good wishes for the family in the coming year. In addition, symbolic flowers and fruits were used to decorate the house, and colorful new year pictures were placed on the walls. In addition to pasting couplets on both sides and above the main door, it is also common to hang calligraphic writing of the Chinese characters for \"spring\" and \"wealth.\" Some people will even invert these drawings since the Chinese for \"inverted\" is a homonym in Chinese for \"arrive,\" thus signifying that spring and wealth have arrived. These poems written must have the same character counts on both sides, the same structure and harmony in sound. Come and learn all about Chinese New Year preparation, custom and the spring couplets. And then try your hand writing one to hang it up at your door.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "BEIJING - Chinese Vice Premier Han Zheng on Thursday urged more efforts to promote the integrated and coordinated development of Beijing, Tianjin and Hebei. Han, also a member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the Communist Party of China Central Committee, made the remarks while presiding over a meeting. Han called for new breakthroughs in the planning and construction of Xiongan New Area and Beijing subcenter in Tongzhou, ecological environment protection, and co-construction and sharing of basic public services in Beijing, Tianjin and Hebei. Efforts should be made to relocate the non-capital functions of Beijing in an active, proper and orderly manner, he said. He stressed high-quality and high-standard planning and development of the Xiongan New Area, and quality in the construction of the sub-center in Beijing. He also urged intensified efforts to accelerate infrastructure construction in the area such as auxiliary projects of the Beijing Daxing International Airport which is set to open in 2019. The country initiated a key strategy in 2014 to coordinate the development of Beijing, its neighboring port city Tianjin, and Hebei Province -- a regional city cluster called \"Jing-jin-ji.\" A prominent task of the \"Jing-jin-ji\" strategy is to move the non-capital functions out of Beijing to treat \"urban ills\" in the Chinese capital, such as traffic jams and pollution. In April 2017, China announced the establishment of the Xiongan New Area, which, about 100 km southwest of Beijing, spans three counties in Hebei.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Socheat Chea, a Cambodian student with big dreams, wouldn't attract much attention if he walked down a street in his country since he doesn't talk a lot and is a bit shy around strangers. His classmate, Edgar Moreno Pena, who is from Venezuela, is more adept at socializing. He has a vocabulary of more than 200 Chinese words, tells shopkeepers on Beijing streets pianyidian (give me a bigger discount) and uses Chinese-language food-delivery apps on his mobile phone. \"I often do shopping at Taobao and JD,\" he said, referring to China's two most popular online shopping websites. Although the two foreign students have few similarities in their personal backgrounds, they share a common goal at the Shenzhou Institute in northern Beijing: They are trying to learn from Chinese teachers how to design, build, operate and maintain satellites. Such a personal goal can be seen, to a certain extent, as a microcosm of the national aspirations of both of their countries to gain a place in the global space arena via the cooperation and assistance of China. Chea and Moreno Pena are part of a training program hosted by the China Academy of Space Technology. The idea is to train a small group of elite foreign students to become space industry engineers capable of developing and manufacturing satellites on their own, thus enabling their countries to build their respective space industries and explore space. Eight people are taking part in the program, which began in March 2018\u00a3\u00adtwo Venezuelans, two Pakistanis, one Cambodian, one Russian, one Belarusian and one Kazakh. \"I am the first-ever Cambodian studying spacecraft knowledge,\" Chea told China Daily recently at the Shenzhou Institute, which is run by the academy. \"Cambodia is working with China to launch our first satellite in 2021, so the (Cambodian) government hoped that someone could learn something about spacecraft. But there is no school in Cambodia that teaches such a thing. So here I am,\" Chea said. China has signed an agreement with Cambodia to develop, make and launch the Southeastern Asian nation's first satellite in the next few years. The satellite, Techo 1, will be used for communications. Moreno Pena, on the other hand, has 11 years' experience at the Bolivarian Agency for Space Activities, Venezuela's space organization, as an electrical engineer and chief of the spacecraft operation unit. This is the second time he has come to China as a student. The first time was in 2007, when he was selected to take part in satellite application training in Beijing. He said he came to China this time hoping to expand his knowhow on spacecraft and learn how to design and build satellites. \"All of my knowledge and expertise in the space field was about ground operations, such as telemetry, tracking and command of spacecraft. \"I want to study satellites. I want to learn and work on communications satellites operating in low Earth orbit, because now we have a communications satellite in geosynchronous orbit, and remote-sensing satellites in low Earth orbit,\" he said. \"I want to learn how to combine these technologies and do some research here in Beijing, so when I come back to my country I can help to develop our own satellite technology,\" he added. Each of Venezuela's three satellites\u00a3\u00adone communication and two remote-sensing satellites\u00a3\u00adwas designed, built and launched by China. The Beijing-based China Academy of Space Technology, a subsidiary of State-owned space giant China Aerospace Science and Technology Corp, is a major developer of satellites and spaceships in China. Li Qiang, director of the Shenzhou Institute's postgraduate department, said China has trained hundreds of foreign space engineers since the mid-1990s. However, those training sessions were mostly occasional, often accompanied a satellite export deal, and were mainly focused on ground-based control and applications of satellites rather than their design and production, the director said. \"However, in recent years, along with the expansion in our cooperation in the space industry with other countries, many of our foreign partners voiced their hopes that we could hold some sort of systematic training programs to help them create their own spacecraft designers and technicians,\" he said. Therefore, he said, \"We decided to open a two-year postgraduate program and then sent the message to countries having space cooperation with China.\" Some of those countries selected and submitted their candidates to the space technology academy, which then reviewed their qualifications and selected who would be admitted. \"Whether the candidates can get this opportunity depends on two factors. First, their English proficiency is supposed to be good enough to handle our courses\u00a3\u00adall of them are taught in English,\" Li said. \"And second, an ideal candidate should have at least a bachelor's degree as well as background in or some knowledge of the space industry.\" Candidates who pass the qualification screening are also required to write a research proposal and provide an endorsement document signed by the space authority of their nation, he said. Li said the program does not charge the students or their countries any fees. Instead, the Shenzhou Institute gives each student 3,000 yuan ($445) per month as a stipend. Cui Yufu, a senior designer of small satellites at the academy and a professor at the institute, said the program has some advantages that other domestic and foreign space organizations don't offer. \"Our program features opportunities for students to experience what is it like in real satellite development projects,\" Cui said. \"We will ask the students to set up a project team to simulate research and development of an imaginary satellite, and each of them will be designated a role ranging from chief designer to subsystem manager,\" Cui added. \"We also offer opportunities to the students to visit satellite research-related institutes and satellite users to see satellites' assembly, testing and experiments,\" Cui said. \"They will be able to get personal understanding of spacecraft research and development and obtain some know-how.\" He said space training providers in other countries will not take foreign students to design or production sites. Cui said most of the lecturers in the program are senior researchers and chief designers at Chinese space institutes and provide the foreign students with the latest expertise. In addition, the institute will invite foreign experts to give lectures to the students to provide access to new developments in the international space sector. \"We want to make sure that they will be able to design satellites when they complete their study here and go back to their countries,\" Cui said. He added that compared with their Chinese peers, the foreign students are more active in class and are better at asking questions and sharing their thoughts. The foreign students will choose either remote sensing or communications satellites as the topic for individual research at the Shenzhou Institute, Cui said, adding that their choice will depend on what they will do in their homeland after the program. Wang Jie, the mentor of the eight-student class, said that in addition to professional knowledge and on-site tours, the institute also arranges lectures on Chinese language and culture for the foreign students and takes them to such historical sites as the Forbidden City and Summer Palace. It also arranges for Chinese students at the institute to communicate with the foreigners to help them improve their ability to speak Chinese, he said. For Chea, the student from Cambodia, studying at the institute has been difficult since the beginning. \"I majored in telecommunications in my university, so I knew nothing about spacecraft. For me, all the courses here are very difficult. At first I didn't understand anything of what our teachers were talking about in class,\" he said. He said he feels lucky because the Chinese teachers are nice and considerate. They have been trying their best to make the lectures easier for him to comprehend, he said. \"Now I can understand much of the content in our courses,\" Chea said. Moreno Pena, the Venezuela student, said he truly treasures the opportunity to learn from his Chinese teachers. \"All the professors here at the institute have not only theoretical knowledge, but also very good and deep experience in different types of satellites. For example, Professor Hu was part of China's own satellite program from the very beginning, and Professor Cui has taken part in both of my nation's remote-sensing satellite projects. \"All of them have at least 10 years of experience in satellite research and development. This is very important and very unique,\" he added. Moreno Pena said China is special to him, professionally as well as personally. \"I met my wife during my first training in Beijing in 2007. She was also a Venezuelan studying spacecraft here at that time,\" he said. \"China is a very special nation to me. I've made a lot of Chinese friends. I love Chinese food in all flavors, especially Beijing roast duck, noodles and local Muslim food,\" he added. Hu Qizheng, a professor at the institute who teaches fundamentals of the space industry, said Chinese teachers are exploring approaches that are appropriate for instructing foreign students. \"Some of the students have work experience in the space sector because their countries have satellites, while others don't have such experience and know virtually nothing about space activities,\" he said. \"So we have been working to figure out an appropriate teaching schedule and to make sure everyone's individual needs can be taken care of.\" The students' first year at the institute was focused on basic knowledge about space programs, while in the second year each of them will be given a detailed topic for research, Hu said. Teaching materials given to the foreign trainees were modified from those prepared for Chinese students, while teachers are making textbooks specifically edited for foreign learners, the professor said. Li said enrollment work has begun for the class of 2019. \"So far, eight nations\u00a3\u00adVenezuela, Bolivia, Algeria, Egypt, Laos, Myanmar, Thailand and Cambodia\u00a3\u00adhave applied for places for some 20 candidates.\" Cui, meanwhile, said he looks forward to collaborating with his foreign students in the future. \"I am convinced that some of the students will become our partners in the future. Actually, the former director of the Venezuelan space agency was one of the trainees here at the institute. \"So by teaching them, we are promoting not only spacecraft knowledge, but also China's space industry standards.\"", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "Beijing released a new platform to further help start-ups transfer science and technology results to commercial and industrial products or services, local authorities said on Tuesday at an opening ceremony of a mass entrepreneurship and innovation week held in Beijing. \"We tried to use the concept proof plan to fill the gaps of scientific research institutions and the science market, aiming to develop scientific and technological achievements,\" said Yu Jun, Party secretary of Haidian district. It's also the first time that the local district released the plan in the country, as a way to further boost scientific innovation. By July 2018, the number of national high-tech enterprises totaled 8,992, occupying 40 percent of the Zhongguancun Demonstration Area, according to local authorities. The total revenue of local high-tech companies was 752.66 billion yuan ($108.77 billion) from January to May, up 17.8 percent year-on-year, or nearly 40 percent of the overall revenues in Zhongguancun Science Park. With the industry developing to high-end level in Haidian district, the total value was 144. 8 billion yuan, up 24.7 percent compared with the previous year. AI technology and big data have made substantial progress.", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "China and the United States should promote trade balance by expanding trade volume and pragmatically tackle friction and differences through dialogue and negotiation, Premier Li Keqiang said on Monday. Otherwise, he noted, it will do no good to either country or the international community. Li made the remarks as he spoke to about 100 overseas representatives of Fortune 500 companies, leading research institutions and international organizations as part of the China Development Forum 2018 in Beijing. The three-day forum concluded on Monday. \"China's integration with the world will continue to get deeper,\" Li said, expressing his appreciation to those in attendance, who he sees as \"passionate about China's development\". It was through market forces and business rules that trade volume between China and the US has grown to the current level, which, in essence, has benefited both countries, Li said. He said no winner will emerge from a trade war between the US and China. Closing the door to other countries also blocks a country's own way out, Li said. Noting that 2018 marks the 40th anniversary of China's State policy of reform and opening-up, Li said this year China will open up further and deepen reform, moves that serve China's own interest while facilitating healthy international free trade. China is willing to learn about advanced technologies and management expertise from other countries and expand cooperation with them in areas of products, knowledge, technology and services, he said. The Made In China 2025 strategy is being promoted in an open and fair environment with equal treatment to domestic and overseas businesses, Li said, adding that China will not force any technology transfer from any foreign company. He said China will enhance efforts to protect intellectual property rights while severely cracking down on infringement, extending his welcome to more globally competitive businesses wishing to share growth opportunities. Representatives at the meeting, including Tim Cook, chief executive of Apple Inc, told the premier they are willing to participate in China's reform and opening-up to realize a win-win. General Administration of Customs data show that in 2017, China's trade volume with the US expanded 15.2 percent to 3.95 trillion yuan ($629 billion), and its trade surplus increased 13 percent year-on-year to 1.87 trillion yuan. Zhang Jianping, a professor at the Chinese Academy of International Trade and Economic Cooperation in the Ministry of Commerce, said China and the US must expand trade volume in general, because the current trade imbalance was not formed overnight and requires structural changes to tackle gradually. Peter Salovey, president of Yale University, said at the forum the key issue between China and the US is to further improve trust and the ability to work together to solve problems. He said he does not want to see a trade deficit \"undermine the great work that our countries have done together on different dimensions in the last two decades\".", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "The World Internet Conference has been successfully held annually for five years since it was launched in 2014. From the first WIC, which called for \"An Interconnected World Shared and Governed by All -- Building a Cyberspace Community of Shared Destiny\" with its theme, to this year's \"Creating a Digital World for Mutual Trust and Collective Governance \u00a1\u00aa Towards a Community with a Shared Future in Cyberspace\", the conference is maturing, said Jiang Fei, director of the Center for Intercultural Communication Studies at Beijing Foreign Studies University. Now, the conference is providing a platform to both Chinese and foreign internet companies to exchange experiences and technologies, Jiang said. This year's conference saw more than 1,500 guests from around the world, including government delegates, representatives of international organizations, leading figures of Chinese and foreign internet enterprises and renowned experts and scholars. At the WIC's Light of the Internet Exposition, more than 430 companies and institutions from 25 counties and regions displayed new products and technologies showing endless possibility for improving people's future lives. In addition, the conference unveiled the 15 top recent global scientific and technological achievements, selected from more than 400 leading internet scientific and technological achievements from China, the US, the UK, Germany, France, Russia and Canada, showing the latest technologies in fundamental theory, technological innovation, product process and assembly, business model and cross-category achievements. During the last five years, China has made tremendous progress in the digital economy. As a part of the digital economy, e-commerce is booming in China. On this year's shopping carnival on Nov 11, Alibaba broke its 2014 sales record at 51.7 billion yuan within 36 minutes, and final sales reached a historic high of 213.5 billion yuan. China earned second place on a global digital economy development ranking, which included 150 different countries and regions according to a report jointly released by Alibaba and KPMG. China's digital economy grew to 27.2 trillion yuan last year, up 20.3 percent year-on-year and accounting for 32.9 percent of the country's gross domestic product, according to the Cyberspace Administration of China. Moreover, the country will continue to support development in this regard. On Sept 20, the National Development and Reform Commission signed an agreement with China Development Bank that will invest 100 billion yuan to develop the digital economy over the next five years. The investments will go to projects in big data, internet of things, cloud computing, smart cities and the digital Silk Road.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "    Walking down memory lane, he recalled visits to the Longchamp workshops in western France and his grandmother's store on the Champs-Elysees in Paris. \"There were family discussions about new ideas, and later trips with his father to exhibitions and trade fairs around the world,\" a profile supplied by the company stated. Today, Cassegrain is the chief executive officer of the world-famous family-owned French fashion house in Paris. And he confessed that he never considered doing anything else. With about 1,500 retail outlets and businesses in 80 countries, Longchamp is a global blue-chip brand with a wide range of luxury collections, including handbags, luggage, accessories, shoes and ready-to-wear clothing. Annual sales for the group reached 566 million euros ($633 million) in 2015, the latest financial figures the company released. This was an increase of 14 percent compared to 2014. In China, local sales jumped by 30 percent during the same period, although the company did not release detailed numbers. \"We plan to open more stores in China to expand our presence,\" Cassegrain said. \"The Chinese economy is growing, and more and more people want to buy luxury products.\" Back in April, the company opened its flagship store in China at the Kerry Center in the heart of Shanghai. This marked an important milestone for the group. \"We are confident about Longchamp's prospects in China,\" he said. In a far-reaching interview with China Daily, Cassegrain talked about the company's growth strategy, his management philosophy and his passion for skiing. We still have a lot of potential for growth. So far, we have 18 stores in China, but there is potential for us to open more at new locations. There are still cities where we are not present and where we could consider opening an outlet. In general, the Chinese economy is still growing, and there are more and more people here who have achieved a financial level where they can buy luxury European brands. I think for Longchamp there are a lot of opportunities. We will continue to grow in the years ahead. The new store we opened on Nanjing West Road of Shanghai is a big investment and a significant step for the brand. In October, we will open a new store in Beijing at a landmark shopping mall on Wangfujing Street. We are considering opening stores in second-tier cities that we are not present in, such as Changsha, in the coming months. I think our brand is unique and that means we will be able to reach a wide range of people. We are not a niche brand, so we don't focus on a specific category of client. Our customers in Europe can be teenagers, mothers, grandmothers or entire families. It is difficult to pinpoint a precise category for our products. One of the reasons for our success is that we can sell to a large variety of people. The Longchamp range is very broad, with a lot of colors, shapes and price ranges. How do we reach them? First, we open a store in the right location, to advertise our brand to the public. I think that is very important. Moreover, we have to use all the communication methods that we can, including newspapers, magazines and online channels, such as WeChat. The only official channel is through our Longchamp WeChat account. We don't sell any products on the platforms that you mentioned above. We want to develop online channels and have already sold a lot of our products via the internet in the United States and Europe. It is our plan to continue developing our online sales channel in China. The biggest opportunity is the market and the consumer. China is a huge market and there are a lot of opportunities for us. So far, we have only scratched the surface. I think we still have a lot of potential as there are so many people here that don't know our brand. The challenge is that we need to adapt to the way business works here and how to communicate with our customers. Another challenge is to get good store locations. You need to be very patient. We spent five years looking for the location of the store on Nanjing West Road in Shanghai. It is true that a lot of Chinese customers buy products overseas. As the market is becoming more mature, the goal of our company is to sell more here. We want to bring more business to China-that is our strategy. I am very confident with our business in China. The market is still growing as people's income levels rise. Well, to be honest, it is not just about big achievements. I believe I can make a small one every day before I go home in the evening. The plan at Longchamp is to work as a team and to achieve as a team. A great deal is about trial and error. We try many things and very often we failed. But it doesn't matter as we move on to something else and we try to learn from our mistakes. You must retain a balance between control and freedom. China is a very specific market, so we trust our local team to do the right things. We want to give them freedom and control in line with the brand value. As long as the brand value and image are respected, we offer a lot of freedom. We need our local teams to be independent, so they are able to manage by themselves. My sister is the creative director and her team are always looking for fresh ideas. It could come from anywhere such as a painting. The creative process is very mysterious and ongoing. She is never on vacation and is always dreaming up new ideas. I enjoy skiing very much. It is my favorite hobby, but then I like most sports.   Age: 52 Nationality: French Career: 1991: Joined Longchamp as he is the grandson of the founder Education: 1986: Graduated from \u00a8\u00a6cole Sup\u00a8\u00a6rieure de Commerce in Paris Family: Married with three children", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": ", male, Han ethnicity, was born in December 1955 and is from Youxi county, Fujian province. He began his first job in March 1973 and joined the Communist Party of China (CPC) in August 1975. Cai graduated from School of Economics and Law, Fujian Normal University where he majored in political economy. He completed an in-service graduate studies and holds a Doctor of Economics degree.  Cai is currently a member of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee, Secretary of the CPC Beijing Municipal Committee, Chairman and Secretary of Leading Party Members Group of the Organizing Committee for the 2022 Beijing Winter Olympic Games and Paralympic Games. 2017- Member, CPC Central Committee Political Bureau Secretary, CPC Beijing Municipal Committee  Chairman and Secretary of Leading Party Members Group, Organizing Committee for the 2022 Beijing Winter Olympic Games and Paralympic Games  2017 Secretary, CPC Beijing Municipal Committee  Chairman and Secretary of Leading Party Members Group, Organizing Committee for the 2022 Beijing Winter Olympic Games and Paralympic Games  2016-2017 Deputy Secretary, CPC Beijing Municipal Committee  Acting Mayor and Mayor, Beijing  Executive Chairman and Deputy Secretary of Leading Party Members Group, Organizing Committee for the 2022 Beijing Winter Olympic Games and Paralympic Games  2015-2016 Executive Deputy Director (minister level), General Office of the National Security Commission of the CPC Central Committee  2014-2015 Deputy Director, General Office of the National Security Commission of the CPC Central Committee  2013-2014 Member, Standing Committee of the CPC Zhejiang Provincial Committee  Vice Governor, Zhejiang province  2010-2013 Member, Standing Committee of the CPC Zhejiang Provincial Committee  Head, Organization Department of the CPC Zhejiang Provincial Committee  2007-2010 Deputy Secretary, CPC Hangzhou Municipal Committee, Zhejiang province  Mayor, Hangzhou  2004-2007 Secretary, CPC Taizhou Municipal Committee, Zhejiang province  2002-2004 Secretary, CPC Quzhou Municipal Committee, Zhejiang province  Chairman, Standing Committee of the Quzhou Municipal People's Congress  1999-2002 Deputy Secretary, CPC Quzhou Municipal Committee, Zhejiang province  Mayor, Quzhou  Attended a doctoral program in political economy at School of Economics and Law, Fujian Normal University and was awarded a Doctor of Economics degree (1998-2001)  1997-1999 Deputy Secretary, CPC Sanming Municipal Committee, Fujian province  Deputy Mayor and Mayor, Sanming  1996-1997 Deputy Secretary, CPC Sanming Municipal Committee, Fujian province  Attended a Master's program at School of Economics and Law,Fujian Normal University (1994-1997)  1993-1996 Deputy Director and member of Executive Meeting, General Office of the CPC Fujian Provincial Committee  Took a training course for prefectural- and director general-level officials at the Central Party School (Mar-Jul 1996)  Deputy Secretary, CPC Sanming Municipal Committee, Fujian province (on secondment, 1994-1996)  1992-1993 Deputy Director, Party Building Office of the CPC Fujian Provincial Committee  Member of Executive Meeting, General Office of the CPC Fujian Provincial Committee  1991-1992 Deputy Director, Political Structural Reform Office of the CPC Fujian Provincial Committee  1987-1991 Office secretary (director level), General Office of the CPC Fujian Provincial Committee  1983-1987 Staff member and Deputy Director, General Affairs Office of the General Office of the CPC Fujian Provincial Committee  1978-1983 Staff member, General Office of the Party Committee, Fujian Normal University  1975-1978 Studied ideological and political education at Department of Ideological and Political Education, Fujian Normal University  1973-1975 Educated youth, Xiyang Commune, Yong'an county, Fujian province  Member, 19th CPC Central Committee  Member, Political Bureau, 19th CPC Central Committee", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "DUBLIN - The direct flight service between Ireland's Dublin and China's Beijing was launched here on Tuesday morning as an Airbus A330 aircraft of Hainan Airlines departed the Dublin Airport almost exactly at the time scheduled. This is the first direct flight ever launched by Dublin Airport to connect the Irish capital with the Chinese capital. Prior to the departure of the flight, a brief ceremony was held at Terminal One of Dublin Airport, which involved speeches from officials of Dublin Airport, Hainan Airlines and the Chinese embassy in Ireland. A cake-cutting and a ribbon-cutting were also held at the ceremony. Commenting on the launch of Tuesday's maiden flight from Dublin to Beijing, Dublin Airport Managing Director Vincent Harrison said that it was a historic day for the airport. \"Trade between Ireland and China is hugely important for our economy,\" said Harrison, adding that the new direct route will greatly facilitate Irish firms and exporters with operations and clients in China as well as Chinese financial services and technology companies investing in Ireland. According to Harrison, Ireland is also home to more than 5,000 Chinese students attending Irish educational institutions and each year there are estimated 30,000 people travelling between Dublin and Beijing. He said the launch of the direct Dublin-Beijing flight route will make travellers between Ireland and China much easier. The direct Dublin-Beijing flight service is operated by Hainan Airlines on a four-days-a-week basis with non-stop flights between Dublin and Beijing as well as flights with a stopover in Britain's city of Edinburgh. Hainan Airlines is a major airline in China with a fleet size of over 400 planes which offer nearly 1,800 flight routes to over 220 destinations around the world. Dublin Airport is the largest airport in Ireland which annually handles about 85 percent of the total flight passengers in the country. Earlier on June 2, a Hong Kong-based airline Cathay Pacific also opened its first direct flight service between Hong Kong and Dublin. With the opening of these two direct flight routes, the economic and people-to-people exchanges between China and Ireland will surely be strengthened, said an official from the Chinese embassy in Ireland.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Preparation for 2022 Beijing Winter Olympic Games was on top of President Xi Jinping's Spring Festival agenda. Xi, who has emphasized the significance of hosting successful games on several occasions, has visited many cities to ensure that the Beijing games are a success. Let's follow his footprints as we travel down China's Winter Olympics road.   President Xi was invited by his Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin to attend the 22nd Winter Olympic Games in Sochi. He visited Chinese athletes and cheered for them. Xi said he is a huge sports fan and loves nearly all kinds of games.  \"Sports do us good physically and mentally,\" he said. \"We have successfully hosted the Beijing (Summer) Olympic Games, fulfilling our hundred-year Olympic dreams. Now, we are closer than any time to the goal of realizing Chinese nation's great rejuvenation.\" Xi added that every individual's dream, the dream of becoming a sports power, are closely connected with the Chinese Dream. He hoped the Chinese delegation would display its fighting spirit and achieve good results in Sochi. Chinese Olympic Committee officially announced its bid for the 24th Winter Olympic Games three months before Xi's visit.,President Xi visited the International Olympic Committee (IOC) headquarters in Lausanne and met with IOC President Thomas Bach during his Swiss visit in January, 17 months after Beijing won the bid to host 2022 Winter Olympics.  \"China will keep its promise and take resolute steps to host a great Winter Olympics. And we will finish all the prep work sooner rather than later. I will visit Zhangjiakou (cohost city of 2022 Games) as soon as I get back to China and see the ski resort there,\" Xi told Bach. Bach believed that Beijing will deliver an amazing game under Xi's strong leadership.,The Zhangjiakou site of the Beijing 2022 Winter Olympic Games in Chongli District is known as the best natural ski area in North China, and Xi was briefed about the ongoing work there on Jan 23, 2017.  Xi stressed that the general plan for the games should be prioritized. The president said Zhangjiakou's plans should be integrated into the wider plans for the games. \"The construction of sports facilities must be professional, and supporting facilities should embody the characteristics of China and the local areas,\" Xi said. Xi also visited national ski-team athletes, and was briefed about the training and competitions of the athletes. Winter sports are full of passion as they are hard, demanding, and fun to watch, said the president.  Xi noted that ice and snow sports lack popularity and competitiveness in China, and the country is set to fill this shortcoming by hosting the Winter Olympics. The president said he has lots of hope in the youngsters and encourages the country to leap forward in the next five years.  President Xi Jinping visited Beijing Wukesong Sports Center and the Capital Gymnasium on Feb 24, 2017. At Wukesong Sports Center, venue for the 2022 Winter Olympics ice hockey event, Xi remembered his first time on the ice in skating boots when he saw a group of young ice hockey players.Hesaid the kids nowadays are \"very fortunate\" as they enjoyed high-standard facilities.  Xi also visited national team athletes at the Capital Gymnasium, venue for short-track speed skating and figure skating. When he met with Wu Dajing, winner of the 500m short-track speed skating in the recently held Asian Winter Games in Sapporo, Xi said he watched the finals and cheered for Wu.  The president encouraged athletes to secure their advantages in ice-sports and catch up in snow-sports as the latter remains a weakness of the country. Xi also reminded the athletes to strike a balance between training and study, alternate training and rest, and train safely.  Youths sports and winter sports are the two priorities of Chinese sports development, the president stressed.  President Xi Jinping presided over a symposium on preparation for the Beijing 2022 Winter Olympic Games in Beijing on Feb 24, 2017. After listening to the report delivered by Gou Zhongwen, director of the General Administration of Sport, Xi said the Beijing Winter Olympics is an important and signature event that requires intensive preparation work.  The year 2021 marks the 100th Anniversary of the Chinese Communist Party, and the 2022 Beijing Winter Olympics will be an important opportunity to inspire national spirit and consolidate Chinese people home and abroad. To improve the standard of Chinese winter sports requires planning in advance and continuous promotion, added the president.  \"In the long term, we should expand the winter sports coverage and lay a solid foundation among publics; and in the short term, we must improve our competitiveness and make breakthroughs as soon as possible,\" said Xi. With five years to go before the opening of Beijing 2022 Winter Olympics, China endeavors to scale new heights in ice-snow sports competitiveness and public penetration under promotion of various departments, he added. ", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "The culture and tourism bureau of Dongcheng district in Beijing and Guardian Art Center is holding an event with multiple activities, which runs until June 9. One of the activities is a preview of China Guardian Spring Auctions 2019, which kicked off on May 30 and will run until June 1 at the Beijing International Hotel and Guardian Art Center. The auctions will be held over June 2-6 in the art center. The exhibits include paintings and sculptures by contemporary Chinese artists, porcelain, ancient books and luxury jewelry. The bureau is striving to provide those coming to the auctions with various activities, seeing it as an integration of culture, tourism and business. So, visitors will be able to embrace the local lifestyle via the activities. And they can stay in a hotel with a good view of the Forbidden City, watch a classic Chinese drama or Peking Opera, and sample food in an elegant restaurant.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Slovenian physicist Rudolf Podgornik said he had some initial doubts about his decision to take a position in China when he first arrived in Beijing in November. \"When I was growing up, we didn't hear much about China,\" he said. \"The first time I remember hearing about China was an interview of Zhou Enlai I saw on television years ago. Everybody was around Zhou, and one question I remember was, 'What do you think of the French Revolution, which took place in the 1790s?' \"Zhou thought for a while and replied by saying that it was too early to say.\" The 63-year-old physicist could not help but beam when he recalled the exchange. \"What a great answer,\" he said. When Podgornik visited Nankai University in Tianjin in January, he seized on the opportunity to take a picture with a statue of Zhou Enlai on campus. Podgornik also likes to read books on Chinese philosophy by Zhuangzi and Laozi to form a basic understanding of the country's culture and the way the people think. For most of his professional life, Podgornik taught and conducted research in Slovenia's capital, Ljubljana, as well as in the United States, specializing in soft matter and biophysics. \"One of my Chinese doctoral students in the United States introduced China's Thousand Talents Plan to me when I was a few years from retirement,\" he said. \"I thought it would be interesting to do something different through this program.\" In April, Podgornik was officially recruited as a foreign expert to work at the University of Chinese Academy of Sciences in Beijing. He now leads a laboratory manned by a small group of PhD students at the university's School of Physical Sciences. As the only foreigner at the school, Podgornik said he found it difficult at the beginning to adapt to a different environment. \"I think Chinese culture puts a lot of weight on a professor's authority. There is a big gap between professors and students, and students tend to follow educators without question,\" he said. When Podgornik occasionally encounters culture differences like these, a famous compatriot from ages past motivates him to keep moving forward. \"I was born in the same town as Ferdinand Hallerstein, a foreign missionary to China who worked for the Chinese government for more than 30 years,\" he said. The missionary - known as Liu Songling in China - was born in Ljubljana, and traveled to China in the 18th century during the Qing Dynasty (1644-1911). In addition to his religious duties, Hallerstein was appointed head of the astronomical observatory, and oversaw the creation of an armillary sphere with rotating rings that is still on display in the Beijing Ancient Observatory. Podgornik said he also hopes to bring something new to China with his rich knowledge in the world of physics. \"I hope that I can contribute to the development of science in China,\" he said. \"My dream would be to establish biophysics as a separate subject at the university.\" Biophysics is the application of physical principles to the study of viruses, and Podgornik said he feels that China is not strong in this field right now. \"I want to be part of the force that makes China stronger in science,\" he said. As his initial skepticism has gradually faded away, Podgornik is settling down in Beijing. He has bought an electric bike, and delights in riding it about town. \"I am satisfied with everything so far, and I am excited to expand my work and enjoy my new adventure in China,\" he said. ", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "BEIJING - Xiongan New Area, a new economic zone near Beijing, should have a \"world-class transport system\" that is green and smart, a policy advisor said Wednesday.  Transportation in the new area should mainly focus on rail and bus transit options, complemented by bike-sharing and other \"green, advanced and highly intelligent\" transportation options, said Lu Huapu, from Tsinghua University and a member of the expert committee advising the coordinated development of the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region (Jing-Jin-Ji).  Public transportation, parking, traffic management and logistics should all be supported by smart systems, Lu told Xinhua in an interview.  He also suggested smooth and easy transit between Xiongan and the metropolises of Beijing and Tianjin, saying this was essential to attracting high-level talent from those cities and key to the new area's development.  There should be \"seamless connections\" between Xiongan and the airports of Beijing, Tianjin and Hebei, Lu noted.  China announced plans to create Xiongan New Area on Saturday, which authorities described as a \"major historic and strategic choice\" that would be \"crucial for the millennium to come.\"  The new area, some 100 kilometers southwest of downtown Beijing, is designed to advance coordinated development in the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region and cure \"urban ills\" such as traffic congestion and air pollution in the capital.  Establishing Xiongan New Area will help with the ongoing drive to transfer \"non-capital\" functions out of Beijing, officials said. ", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Men have long played a dominate role in the technological sector, especially in the age of information technology (IT), but that is changing in Data Technology (DT) era.  More female entrepreneurs are starting businesses in cloud computing, artificial intelligence and virtual reality (VR). The top 10 female entrepreneurial cases have been released by Ali Research Institute, China Entrep Mulan Club and Alibaba Innovation Center. About 145 female entrepreneurs in tech have been evaluated and comprehensive assessments are made based on innovation and social value.  Now, let's take a look at who topped the ranking.    EventBank Uses Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) to improve efficiency of traditional marketing.  B to B  Internationalization ability   Internationalization is not superficial but in your blood.,   Daling An app focusing on high quality products of famous brands globally  B to C : Celebrity effect  New ideas for financing are available.,  Company name: CareerFrog Helps university graduates find a job Service model: B to C  Advantage: 100 percent online real time guidance and one-stop job seeking service  Philosophy: Education is the future.,   Reflower Online flower booking and delivering company   B to C   Rational analysis of the market and customers   Spreading happiness by sending flower and enjoying beauty of life   Yixixin  Intelligent environmental-friendly laundry  B to C   Zero emissions, pollution, residue and damage  Bring customers a beautiful new world by providing smart and efficient service.   Catmore Technology Intelligent overall home decoration company  Online to offline   Smart decoration connects internet of things  Use modern thoughts to lead people's lifestyle and make home sweetest harbor,   Beijing Koboro Health Science and Technology Uses a combination of artificial intelligence and machine learning to provide medical service  Internet+ health management model  Precise overall health management including prevention and prognosis  \"To cure sometimes, to relieve often, to comfort always.\" - Edward Trudeau,     Yi+ Computer vision engine service provider   Use artificial intelligence technology to change people's purchasing experience,   Gongsibao One-stop service for enterprises from registration to patent applications  Online to offline   Responsibility  Women who choose to be an entrepreneur must be strong and learn to balance.,     51Financial Talent Search A comprehensive platform using advanced technology to help financial talents seeking jobs B to B  Uses \"cloud recruitment\" system to match talent and position precisely   Pursuing efficiency to maximize benefits ", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "FamilyMart has denied accusations that it sold expired food after a video came to light claiming that 21 of its convenience stores in 10 cities across the country did so. The video, released by review website Lanmei Testing - which is known for its expose of unhygienic practices at luxury hotels in 2017 - received immediate public attention on Tuesday soon after it was posted on Chinese social networks Sina Weibo and WeChat. On Weibo, the video accumulated nearly 10,000 comments within hours, while on WeChat the article containing the video had received more than 100,000 page views as of Tuesday evening. In response, FamilyMart's China operator, Shanghai Fumanjia Convenience Co, issued a statement on Tuesday afternoon saying the company has strict rules prohibiting sales of expired food and has inspected the stores mentioned in the video and found no such offenses. Instead, as it checked surveillance footage around the time when Lanmei Testing shot videos at their stores, it said, some \"unusual\" purchases were discovered that might have ended up in the video. In an online briefing session with the media, Wang Yiwen, the company's public relations manager, said the company has strict internal management rules for removing expired food, and that it might resort to the courts to defend its reputation. FamilyMart is one of the most popular convenience store brands in China, with more than 2,500 stores. Xu Penghao, chief editor of Lanmei Testing, said the website decided to investigate FamilyMart after one of its staff members bought an expired sandwich at a store he frequented in Beijing. Xu said when the customer went back to confront the convenience store manager, the manager showed no surprise and offered two cups of free coffee as compensation, which made him suspect that the sale of expired food was a common occurrence. From November to December, Lanmei Testing said, it visited 100 FamilyMart stores in 10 cities, including Beijing, Shanghai and Guangzhou and discovered expired food, especially bread and cakes, on shelves in 21 stores. Its video included footage of an investigator purchasing a cake that was one day past the expiration date at a FamilyMart store on Wangfujing street in Beijing on Nov 14. Lanmei Testing said it has preserved all its recordings taken in one shot and vouches for their authenticity. Many of the netizens commented that they have experienced similar issues in different convenience stores, including 7-11 and Lawson. \"We are not targeting anyone, but want to raise the attention of all convenience stores to make food safety a top priority,\" Xu said. Chinese news website Thepaper.cn reported that the Shanghai municipal market supervision bureau was investigating the case. In a FamilyMart store on Huaihai road in Shanghai, staff members said they had received instructions to double-check the shelves for any expired food.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Guided by volunteers, visually impaired athletes tackle marathon tasks to prove that it is not the winning but the taking part that counts both in a race and in life as they inspire with a determination to overcome the odds. Running a marathon takes determination, courage, perseverance. It is an arduous undertaking that requires months of dedicated training. But for some of the runners on the Beijing marathon on Sept 16, they had to overcome challenges far greater than the majority of those they competed against. For 21 of the runners pounding the capital's roads were visually impaired and had to compete \"tied\" to another runner for guidance. \"I feel relieved after all of them completed the race safely, and the 87 volunteer guides who gave up their own participation to help our visually impaired runners did an incredible job,\" a volunteer guide and trainer Li Yubao said. Li is a volunteer who has been guiding those runners for more than two years. Now he is the leader of a group of volunteers in a running group providing professional training for the visually impaired. To prepare for the Beijing marathon, he arranged regular training for volunteers and participant runners for two months. It is a great honor to run the Beijing marathon for normal runners, not to say those with visual impairment, Li said, adding that their competition results are better than predicted and two runners even finished the race within four hours. Li, 39, is a system engineer who works in Intel in Beijing. When it comes to the weekend, he becomes the eyes and navigator for the visually impaired and runs with them in the Olympic Green every Saturday morning. The He Yajun Running Group, named after the runner who initially set it up in 2015, now has more than 1,000 visually impaired runners and has over 600 people willing to help. When jogging in the park one day in 2016, Li's attention was caught by a special group of runners who were tied to each other in pairs with a rope, with \"visually impaired\" and \"guide\" marked in the back of their running gear. \"I was curious and asked around about them\", he said. Li finally joined the group and became a volunteer guide in August 2016. Li has already guided all of the members in the group. The group has participated in more than 20 marathons, and some of the runners have even run in foreign events in Europe. Visually impaired runners can be divided into partially or totally without sight. According to Li, volunteer guides typically need to be in better physical condition than the disabled runners. \"Guides must have the energy to take care of the runners\", Li said. \"A guide is expected to keep visually impaired runners safe and informed at all times, help them with pacing and warn them about obstacles\", Li said. \"A caring and responsible heart is what is needed to be a capable and reliable guide runner\", he said. Volunteers in their group are required to cover their eyes in training to experience sightless running. \"Running blindfolded and allowing others to guide you will enable you to feel what it's like running with little or no vision, and you will realize how much the runners trust you and you will be aware of your responsibilities\", Li said. \"It is difficult for those with visual impairment to get here in the morning, they have to catch the first train or bus\", he said, adding that it takes a lot of courage just to train. Li noted that runners in their group are disciplined and organized. \"They are never late for training\", he said. After Li joined the group, he required the runners and volunteers to train scientifically and healthily. \"We are a running group, we have to stimulate our talent and challenge our limits\", Li said. \"What impressed me most is that although they are physically vulnerable, they are mentally strong\", he said. \"The first visually impaired runner I guided impressed me a lot with his perseverance\", Li said, adding that they ran together in heavy rain, and with his professional guidance and encouragement the runner completed his first 10-km event. Volunteers and runners get along well in their group. They are not just running partners, they are also friends.,Li said that the runners are kind and are always grateful for volunteers' help. \"They are considerate and often worried about if the volunteers would be too exhausted, sometimes they even crack jokes to make volunteers laugh\", he said. \"They bring positive energy to our lives and their optimistic attitude toward life is inspirational\", he added. The spirit of partnership does not end when they cross the finish line. Li and other volunteers also take runners for medical checkups and buy them new gear. \"I am proud of what I've done for them.\" Li said. In order to better align work with his volunteering activity, he persuaded his company to organize a marathon race on Sept 22 in the Olympic Green. When talking about his public service work, he said volunteers serve as a bridge between the general society and vulnerable groups. He Yajun, founder of the running group, said that without volunteer guides, the runners cannot even take the first step. He lost his eyesight when he was 10 years old after a fever. He was depressed for several years and attempted a suicide. But he finally got through the dark times and started a business in Beijing as a blind masseur. He started running in 2014 and completed his first overseas marathon in Barcelona in March 2016. He said that running helped improve his physical condition and he became more optimistic. \"We are counting on the volunteers to guide us, they are our eyes and we rely on them\", He said. He noted that having a partner to exercise with pushed him to improve his fitness and also made him more aware of the surroundings. He has been guided by Li many times. \"Li is very professional and he runs fast\", he said, adding that he feels happy to run with him. When they run together, Li gives him professional insight like a coach, and in daily life Li is a caring friend, He said. \"He is serious during training\", He said, adding that sometimes he can push the runners if he thinks they are slacking off. \"I hope more runners as well as volunteers join us,\" he said.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "  Retail veteran Chaoshifa Market has been given a new lease of life. The Beijing-based supermarket chain caters for middle-aged and senior citizen customers, and has been operating in local communities since 1997. But this month the group opened three, small outlets in Beijing with the Japanese convenience store franchise, Lawson China Holdings Inc, in a bid to attract Millennial shoppers and white collar workers. \"Young consumers have grown into the habit of shopping at convenience stores, pushing the fast development of such formats,\" said Li Yanchuan, chairman of Chaoshifa. With 7,000 employees and more than 100 supermarkets, the group is ranked in China's top 500 chain-store enterprises and has a wealth of retail experience.     Last month, Chaoshifa and Lawson signed a cooperation agreement, with the Beijing group supplying the outlets and the Japanese company operating them. The plan is to have 10 24-hour convenience stores in place by the end of 2017. After that, they aim to open another 10 outlets each year. Fast food such as sushi, sandwiches, salads and coffee will be on sale along with 2,000 products. \"The convenience store sector in Beijing still has great potential and is far from reaching saturation point compared to Shanghai,\" Li said. Indeed, the decision by Chaoshifa to enter this part of the retail business shows the popularity of small, 24-hour shops in major Chinese cities. Last year, the sector increased by 13 percent to 130 billion yuan ($19.5 billion) compared with the same period in 2015, a report by the China Chain Store & Franchise Association highlighted. Revenue also jumped and store numbers expanded. \"First- and second-tier cities are the driving force behind the expansion of the smaller retail format and the sector has a great potential to develop,\" the 2017 China Convenience Store report stated. At the last count, there were more than 260 convenience brands in the country. Last year, the overall numbers climbed 9 percent to 98,000 outlets year-on-year. On average, daily revenue increased by 4 percent to 3,714 yuan per store during the same period, largely due to rising costs. Store rents have gone up by 7 percent on average while staff wages have grown 6.5 percent, the report showed. Water and electricity costs edged 0.7 percent higher, forcing retailers to improve management efficiency. Only 10 percent of the food products stocked by half of the convenience store operators surveyed was fresh, the report showed. In Japan, the proportion was between 30 and 40 percent. \"About 85 percent of the convenience stores have merchandise with their own brands, but the average ratio between self-owned products and other brands is only 8 percent,\" the report stated. Other key factors from the survey showed that nearly 30 percent of the retailers polled have yet to develop a franchise model. But up to 45 percent have adopted online shopping, which accounted for 10 percent of their revenue. Still, convenience stores face a myriad of challenges. \"They need to lift up their revenue by expanding their services, such as copy printing or ticket bookings as rents and labors costs eat into their profits,\" Jason Yu, general manager of Kantar Worldpanel China. \"High gross profit products, such as fresh food, will not be enough to improve the efficiency of convenience stores.\"", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Younger students experience school bullying more frequently than older children, and boys are affected by the problem more than girls, a new survey has found. The 21st Century Education Research Institute, a think tank in Beijing, interviewed more than 1,000 students from 12 schools in the capital: four primary schools, four junior middle schools and four high schools. It found almost half had been intentionally bumped into or knocked down by a classmate, while about 6 percent said they are physical bullied on a daily basis. The findings also suggested that students at standard schools experience more bullying than those at top institutions, with children from impoverished families more likely to be bullied. Being bullied can have an adverse effect on a child's personal development and academic performance, according to Zhou Jinyan, a researcher at Beijing Normal University's Institute of Educational Economics. \"Children who have been bullied find it hard to trust others,\" said Zhou, who led the study. \"They lack self-confidence and often feel anxious, angry or depressed, affecting their ability to control their own life.\" In recent years, there have been frequent reports of bullying incidents at schools in China, attracting widespread attention. Zhou suggested three ways to resolve the problem: improving communication between teachers and students; establishing a more harmonious atmosphere among children; and ensuring parental participation in children's education.", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "The New Area, covering Xiongxian, Rongcheng and Anxin counties in Hebei Province, is about 100 kilometers south of Beijing. In April, the central government announced plans for the New Area, which will facilitate the coordinated development of Beijing and the surrounding region. According to plans recently approved by the State Administration of Cultural Heritage, archaeologists will carry out detailed prospecting and trial excavation in the initial development zone, officials of the Hebei cultural heritage bureau said. Archaeologists have also finished the survey of heritage sites within the 200 square km medium-term development zone of the Xiongan New Area, and compiled plans for their protection, the officials said. Among the most important findings were the Nanyang Ruins, the remains of an ancient city dating back to the East Zhou Dynasty (770-221 BC). Using laser mapping technology, archaeologists will continue survey of the medium-term development zone in 2018, the officials said. The Xiongan New Area may eventually cover an area of 2,000 square km, according to the official plan. Archaeological survey of the whole area will begin soon, added the officials. The history of Xiongan dates back to the Neolithic Age 10,000 years ago. Bronzeware and pottery were unearthed in the Nanyang Ruins, which have been put under national cultural heritage protection.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "The First Belt and Road Afro-Sino Art Exchange Exhibition and Afro-Sino Cultural Forum, organized by the Ministry of Sports, Culture and Heritage of the Republic of Kenya, opened in Beijing recently. The event is the first cultural-exchange activity related to the theme of the Belt and Road to be held by a foreign country in China. The opening ceremony was attended by representatives from cultural and art organizations, government departments and embassies of several African countries. \"This art-exchange exhibition is a positive response of the Kenyan government to the Belt and Road Initiative, as well as an exchange opportunity between the cultural and art circles of China and Africa, providing a rare chance for the Chinese people to have a better understanding of African countries through culture and artwork,\" says Rao Quan, director of the National Library, where the event is being held. Rao adds that the library wants to have more in-depth resource sharing, exchanges and cooperation with African countries. Ivan Kiprop Lagat, a cultural councilor from the organizing Kenyan ministry, spoke at the ceremony on behalf of its minister, Rashid Mohamed, saying that culture can serve as a bridge to deepen mutual understanding and trust among countries. He stressed that Kenya has benefited greatly from the Belt and Road Initiative, citing the example of the railway linking Mombasa to Nairobi. He also said he hopes that, as a result of this exhibition, more Chinese people will visit Kenya to experience and feel the passion of African people. The exhibition, entitled Walking into Kenya and Perceive the New Africa, hosted more than 110 artworks, nearly half of which were created by 40 artists from African countries, including Kenya, Rwanda, Uganda, Zimbabwe and Tanzania. The exhibited pieces include work that reflects African people's daily lives and folk customs, and is produced using various media, including chalk paintings, sculptures, and contemporary-art installations. With rich themes and diversified forms, the artworks reflect the current situation and characteristics of contemporary African art. The exhibition shows three pieces by Gerard Motondi, a 52-year-old Kenyan sculptor, whose work usually draws inspiration from such themes as fair play and friendship in sports. Motondi explains that his work is crafted from Kisii stone, a very special stone found only in Kisii county in western Kenya that has become part of the local intangible cultural heritage. \"I brought this heritage forward to China to show people here what is found in Africa,\" Motondi says. Though the three pieces exhibited in the library are small, Motondi usually works on huge monumental pieces. He has visited China many times and has been invited to create landmark sculptures for several Chinese cities, such as Shenzhen and Changsha. One of his pieces, which won the gold medal during the Beijing Olympics Fine Art Exhibition in 2008, is part of the collection of a Beijing-based museum dedicated to the Olympics. Motondi believes the ongoing exhibition can further boost exchanges of culture and art between China and Africa. \"The exhibition is something that brings together the artists in both countries and helps us understand our respective cultural heritage,\" he said. More than 40 artworks by more than 30 Chinese artists are also on display. They include oil paintings, traditional Chinese paintings, prints and sculptures reflecting the achievements of the Belt and Road Initiative, cooperation between China and Kenya, and African customs. The exhibition will run through Oct 31.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Sleep-sharing capsules in Zhongguancun, a tech hub in Beijing has been shut down, as its validity has been questioned, Beijing Morning Post reported. Sleep-sharing capsules have popped up in Beijing and Shanghai recently, drawing immediate public attention. Primarily targeted at white-collar workers, the capsules have been mostly set up in office buildings. To use the capsule, people simply scan a QR code on the outside of each capsule and pay 6 yuan (90 cents) per 30 minutes during off-peak times or 10 yuan ($ 1.47) per half-hour in peak times.  But the capsules are now closed with employees telling customers that the capsules need to be upgraded. Dai Jiangong, who runs Beijing Xiangshui Technology Corporation that makes the sleeping-sharing capsules, said: \"We started to pilot the program from the end of May. We have not received any seal up notice or rectification proposals from relevant departments. It is the company that decides to temporarily close the capsules to communicate with authorities for long-term development considerations.\" He stressed that the company has not officially launched the capsules but was testing them out and gathering users' feedback in Beijing. The sleeping capsule is not a hotel room or rental bed. It's designed to provide a comfortable space during noon break for white-collar workers in office buildings. \"So we are just open during work shift and closed at nights.\" he said. According to Dai,the company will officially launch the sleep-sharing capsules after obtaining approval from relevant departments. Zhu Wei, a professor at China University of Political Science and Law and an expert member of the sharing economy committee of the Internet Society of China said the sleep-sharing capsules are not technically a part of the sharing economy, but a time-share lease.  \"Real sharing means the users rent out their own free rooms while sleeping-sharing capsule is not of this kind,\" he said. Zhu Wei stressed that operating hotels requires the approval of departments of industry and commerce, health and fire control, none of which the sleeping-sharing capsule has. He said there may be hidden security problems. \"There may be problems with prostitution, drug abusing, infectious diseases and so on,\" he said. In a hotel, the house keeper would clean up and disinfect the entire space when guests leave, but the sleep-sharing capsule dose not provide a cleaner each time.  Zhu Wei believes that the sleep-sharing capsule needs to get relevant qualifications to ensure users' health and safety.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Destination DC, the official destination marketing organization for Washington, DC, recently held an event in Beijing to promote the city's rich tourism resources. Official data show that in 2017, China was the city's largest overseas market with 302,000 Chinese visitors spending over $656 million there. It's estimated that one out of every 10 Chinese travelers to the United States visited Washington, DC. The marketing organization offers travel tips such as itineraries and dining options on its official WeChat account, with more than 17,000 followers. Washington's annual National Cherry Blossom Festival will run from March 20 and April 14 in the city, with beautiful fireworks and colorful cultural events. Meanwhile, according to Elliott L. Ferguson, II, the president and CEO of Destination DC, the city has been developing strong partnerships with Chinese tour operators, leading media and key corporate clients in recent years, to draw more Chinese visitors. He said there are 18 hotels in the pipeline adding nearly 4,000 rooms to the city. The Conrad Washington, DC and Hilton Washington DC National Mall will open soon this year. In 2017, the marketing organization launched its Welcome China program, which provides its members including hotels, restaurants and attractions with details on the needs of Chinese travelers", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "More than a dozen experts gathered in Beijing for a recent forum about the integration of culture and tourism in the digital era. The forum was part of the 2018 China Internet Culture Conference, which was co-held by China Animation Comic Game Group and Beijing Municipal Culture and Tourism Bureau. \u00a1\u00b0Museums have become an important destination for tourists, who believe it\u00a1\u00afs stylish to visit a museum,\u00a1\u00b1 Luo Jing, director of museums at the State Administration of Cultural Heritage, said in his speech. According to him, when China started its reform and opening up policy in 1978, the country only had 349 museums, and the number has since jumped to more than 5,000 today, hosting more than 20,000 exhibitions every year. He said smart tourism makes it convenient for tourists to make an appointment or listen to an audio guide on their smartphones. Some immersive experiences in museums allow them to learn about knowledge via high technology such as 3D projections. According to him, the purpose of cultural tourism is to popularize knowledge and culture. It\u00a1\u00afs important to develop good quality and customized tourism products to cater to different demands of tourists. \u00a1\u00b0It\u00a1\u00afs the local culture that attracts tourists to a destination. What we should do is to promote such culture in a proper way to a wider audience,\u00a1\u00b1 said Cai Jinghui, co-founder and president of Chinese travel information website, Qyer. He said Qyer has developed city walks with cultural themes in cites at home and abroad which enable small groups of tourists to travel like a local, exploring the city with the guidance of a local resident with abundant knowledge. In Beijing, for instance, travelers can choose to stroll along Shijia hutong or Yangmeizhu Xiejie, to have an adventurous journey.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "What catches your attention when a character appears on screen? At least fans of Ge Yuying, a dubber for hundreds of films and TV series, expressed praise for her voice. Ge's decided to become a dubber five years ago after turning down a job offer in her hometown in northeast China, and launched her career in Beijing. Before long she found joy in her work as Ge enjoyed recitation since she was a child. Ge usually reads scripts many times before recording, which helps her to get into the character and bring out the emotions. After recording, Ge checks her audio with recordist. Sometimes she has to record dozens of times to get the perfect pitch. Though her work has no fixed office and fixed time given various projects one after another, the workload has not dimmed her passion. After work, she likes reading novels to try to figure out characters and write her feelings down, as so to apply them to her work.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "As the opening film for the 24th Beijing College Student Film Festival (BCSFF), the love-comedy   unveiled its mask to the audience in advance at Beijing Theater on April 8. The film cast, including director Xu Hongyu, executive producer Peter Chan, actor Takeshi Kaneshiro, actress Zhou Dongyu and Xi Mengyao, were all invited at the opening ceremony of BCSFF and met with college students and movie-goers. The film mainly tells the story of a romantic encounter between an overbearing CEO and a special girl due to food. In the film, Zhou Dongyu acts as talented chef master Gu Shengnan who can integrate recipes with human feelings while the CEO Lu Jin, played by Takeshi Kaneshiro, is a successful businessman but is very particular about people and food. The ups and downs between the two people delight the movie storyline. Meanwhile, the tasty food element adds glamour to the entire movie. Usually, a movie premiere takes place several days before hitting the big screen. But   was premiered 20 days in advance. \"This is really risky, but we have confidence about the box office,\" director Xu said, \"The movie is in line with the theme of the film festival and it is my honor to see it mark as the opening film for the whole festival.\" \"It is a touching movie and we have done a lot for it. For instance, I paid a visit to a cooking school for five days and tried to learn practical cooking skills, which makes me behave more like a chef in the film,\" Zhousaid. The movie will be officially released on April 28, and represents another work by the Peter Chan film team after the award-winning   last year.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Beijing on Friday issued its first comprehensive survey of geographical conditions. The census report, compiled on the basis of a three-year thorough investigation, shows Beijing\u00a1\u00afs overall situation and data on land and soil, water, and agriculture. \u00a1\u00b0It\u00a1\u00afs important to understand the geographic conditions of the city while policymakers lay down policies and create a better living environment for residents,\u00a1\u00b1 said Tao Zhihong, deputy director of the Beijing Municipal Bureau of Land Resources and Housing Administration. Census data was referenced while authorities drafted the overall planning of Beijing and the development of the capital\u00a1\u00afs subcenter, according to the administration. Tao said they will continue monitoring the city\u00a1\u00afs geographical conditions this year to timely update the data. Wu Wanbiao, deputy director of the Beijing Municipal Bureau of Statistics, said the census data is also important for integrated development of the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region. A specialized database has been created to serve as a reference for policymaking, Wu said. The Beijing geographic census is based on the requirement by the central government that a national census of geographic conditions would be conducted between 2013 and 2015.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "CHENGDU \u00a1\u00aa An economic development zone in Chengdu, capital of Southwest China's Sichuan province, has established an offshore overseas talent base in San Diego, the United States.  The move brings Chengdu's number of overseas offshore talent bases to 13, the Chengdu Hi-tech Industrial Development Zone said Tuesday.  The talent base will work with the influential Sino-America Biotechnology and Pharmaceutical Professional Association and US diagnostic company GIMDX to recruit top global talent.  Chengdu is attempting to compete with larger cities closer to the coast, including Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou and Shenzhen, by offering more generous terms and a better environment.  In 2016, the hi-tech zone planned to invest 5 billion yuan ($730 million) to establish offshore overseas talent bases as well as create mass entrepreneurship spaces and offshore incubators, in a bid to attract talent and enhance competitiveness in science and technology.  It also seeks to strengthen cooperation with global innovation hubs such as Silicon Valley in the Unites States, Tel Aviv in Israel and Sophia Antipolis in France.  So far, the zone has attracted five Nobel Laureates, hundreds of top employees worldwide as well 115 Fortune Global 500 companies.  In 2016, the zone's gross industrial output was nearly 390 billion yuan, only behind Beijing's Zhongguancun Science Park and Shanghai's Zhangjiang Hi-tech Park.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "US architecture and infrastructure consulting company AECOM said it expects a bright future in the Chinese market as it foresees a profound need for high-quality services amid the country's further urbanization and development. \"China has entered a phase of increasing expansion in consumption and imports,\" said Sean Chiao, president of AECOM Asia-Pacific. He predicted $10 trillion of goods and services will be imported to China in the next five years. \"The China International Import Expo signals that China's opening-up strategy has switched its focus from high speed to high quality, and we believe the demand for premium services in infrastructure will soon emerge in the Chinese market,\" Chiao said. \"AECOM feels deeply honored to participate in the CIIE. We are very much inspired by President Xi Jinping's speech, in which he said, 'The Chinese economy is a sea, not a pond. Storms can overturn a pond, but never a sea'.\" Chiao added that \"AECOM aims to make the world a better place to live. In many strategic development plans, such as the Belt and Road Initiative, the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area, the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region and the Yangtze River Delta, we have made our contribution. This showcases that AECOM's determination has never changed in the more than four decades we have participated in China's development.\" According to a report from the Ministry of Commerce, released during the recent CIIE, China ranked No 2 for the volume of imported services in 2017. The report said total service imports could reach $2.5 trillion over the next five years. Another service provider, Messe Frankfurt, one of the world's largest trade fair organizers, said it also eyes great potential in China. Stephan Buurma, a management board member of Messe Frankfurt Group, said China has always been and will continue to be a market of vitality for trade, especially after the CIIE. The company also said it hopes to introduce more high-end industrial and trade fairs in China in the future. \"We started from one show a year 31 years ago, to constantly adding more, with 35 shows a year now,\" Buurma said. He added the company has reported a strong performance because the Chinese industry and economy is growing\u00a3\u00adnot only are more Chinese companies going abroad to attend trade shows, but more international fairs are coming to China.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Beijing will not allow any \"Taiwan independence\" secessionist to split China, An Fengshan, spokesman for the State Council's Taiwan Affairs Office, said on Wednesday. The comment came against the backdrop of recent visits to Taiwan by two officials from the United States after US President Donald Trump signed a bill called the Taiwan Travel Act, which encourages reciprocal visits between Taiwan and the US by officials at all levels. Alex Wong, deputy assistant secretary of the US State Department's Bureau of East Asian and Pacific Affairs, visited Taiwan from March 20 to 22. Another US official, Ed Royce, the House Foreign Affairs Committee Chairman and a Republican, visited the island after Wong. The visits increased friction in cross-Straits relations. Beijing opposes the travel act and has urged the US to adhere to the one-China policy, and it initiated negotiations on the issue to urge the US to adhere to the three joint communiques that lay out the two countries' mutual understanding. \"The mainland's major principle toward Taiwan is clear and consistent,\" An said in response to a China Daily question about \"armed reunification\". \"We will work in utmost sincerity and make our best effort to strive for peaceful reunification,\" An said. \"Our determination to safeguard our country's territorial sovereignty is steadfast. We will not allow any 'Taiwan independence' force to separate the island from China.\" President Xi Jinping delivered a speech on March 20 at the closing meeting of the first session of the 13th National People's Congress in which he vowed to defeat secessionist attempts. The speech was seen as a strong warning to Taiwan. \"Any actions and tricks to split China are doomed to fail. And these separatists' actions will be met with the condemnation of the people and the punishment of history,\" Xi said. He also said that the Chinese people \"have the resolve, the confidence and the ability to defeat secessionist attempts in any form\". An article about the tactics of Taiwan reunification by military force - written by Lieutenant General Wang Hongguang, a retired deputy commander of the former Nanjing Military Command of the People's Liberation Army - was published on the website of Global Times on Tuesday. Global Times is a subsidiary of People's Daily. At the end of the article, Wang introduced what he said would be his next topic concerning military action: \"Taking Taiwan in less than three days\". Zhu Songling, a professor of Taiwan studies at Beijing Union University, said, \"Reunification cannot be stopped. It is China's domestic issue.\" The signing of the Taiwan Travel Act \"greatly harmed cross-Straits and China-US relations\", Zhu said. \"We should realize it is not a good sign, and should pay more attention at the tactical level.\"", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "  The 17th Meeting in Beijing Arts Festival will open with Hungarian dance   on April 27. The event will feature a series of classic works from countries related to the Belt and Road Initiative, including ballet   performed by a Belarus dance company.  Princess Sissi, or Elisabeth Amalia Eugenia von Wittelsbach, became well-known due to the 1955 film  . Her life and experience as Empress of Austria and Queen of Hungary in the 19th century have inspired many dramas, animations and musicals.  Sissi lived in Hungary longer than any other place and regarded the country as her second home. She learned the Hungarian language and embroidery and also contributed to the construction of Budapest, earning her the nickname \"Daughter of Hungary\" from Hungarian people at the time.  The upcoming dance will feature Sissi's journey from young innocent princess to a great Queen and her life in Hungary. The dance is a fusion of modern dance and traditional ballet, with the addition of court dances, European folk dances and Gypsy dances.  Along with the performance, Hungarian folk dances and Gypsy music, two other performances during the festival will show off the country's cultural heritage.  A special Gypsy orchestra from Hungary, consisting of 100 violinists, cellists and double bassists, will perform a series of classic pieces, including Franz Liszt's   and Johann Strauss's  . Hungary's precious musical instrument cimbalom, a hammered dulcimer, will be featured in the performance.  Meeting in Beijing Arts Festival has been held 16 times, with 1,020 artistic troupes and 32,000 artists from 120 countries participating, attracting more than 4 million viewers. The 17th event has invited 400 artists and 23 troupes from 21 countries and regions, which will give about 100 performances and exhibitions.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "BEIJING - Commerce authorities of Beijing said Monday that the nighttime catering spending in the city during the three-day Qingming holiday registered a 50 percent surge year on year. From Friday to Sunday during the Tomb-sweeping Day holiday, also known as the Qingming Festival, 60 major retail and catering companies in Beijing registered a sales revenue of 1.79 billion yuan ($266.5 million), up by 6.2 percent from the previous year. At the same time, catering expenditure during nighttime hours, from 6:00 pm to 6:00 am the next day, surged nearly 50 percent, with categories such as snack food, drinks and barbecue being the most popular. Bankcard spending by tourists from outside the city in such terms as catering, tourism, accommodation and grocery shopping reached 340 million yuan, up 23.9 percent. The nighttime economy is becoming Beijing's new driver for consumption. According to the city's government work report released in January, Beijing will urge malls, supermarkets and convenience stores to stay open later.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "China aims to build clusters of world-class airports to better serve the clusters of world-class cities being planned, the head of the national civil aviation agency said on Thursday. \"China will stick to supply-side reform and make efforts to build world-class multi-airport systems to better establish world-class metroplexes,\" said Feng Zhenglin, head of the Civil Aviation Administration of China, adding that it will boost construction of an air \"silk road\" connecting China with the world. Speaking at the 2017 China Civil Aviation Development Forum in Beijing, he said, \"City clusters and multi-airport systems are the essence and trend of global city development\". Feng said the United Nations estimated that by 2025 the top 40 metroplexes will engage in 66 percent of global economic activity and 85 percent of technology innovation. China's three core city clusters\u00a3\u00adthe Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region, Yangtze River Delta and the Pearl River Delta\u00a3\u00adaccount for 2.8 percent of the country's territory. During the 11th Five-Year Plan (2006-10), the three city clusters, as the most vigorous, open and innovative regions in China, produced 36 percent of the GDP and gathered 18 percent of the total population, he said. In 2016, the passenger turnover in the airport clusters of the three regions reached 473 million, accounting for 46.5 percent of passengers nationwide. Freight traffic was 14.69 million tons, 74.7 percent of China's total. Last year, Beijing Capital International Airport ranked as the second-busiest airport in the world for the seventh consecutive year, with 94.4 million passengers flying in and out of the airport. Two airports in Shanghai carried more than 100 million passengers in 2016. Hong Kong's airport ranked top in the world regarding freight transport. Airports in Guangzhou, Shenzhen and Macao are getting busier. \"The multi-airport system in the three city clusters are ready to grow, as is the world-class multi-airport system,\" Feng said. \"Air transport is the modern means of transportation. The development of clusters of cities and clusters of airports is closely relevant and has been promoted mutually,\" Transport Minister Li Xiaopeng said. On Thursday, a new plan was released to expand airspace in the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei area by the CAAC North China Regional Administration, opening six new routes in the region, which will add 270 flights each day in the region. Airlines also are essential in building the world-class airport cluster. Air China, China's flag carrier, aims to increase flights at the Beijing airport to 1,000-1,100 a day. It will increase usage in Tianjin by shifting some domestic and international flights from Beijing there to support the Tianjin airport. It also will increase flights from different operating bases to Shijiazhuang, said Ma Chongxian, vice-general manager of Air China's parent company.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Hundreds of officials and scholars from across the world met in Beijing on Tuesday for the 2018 Beijing Forum on Human Rights. The two-day forum, held at the Capital Hotel, was organized by the China Society for Human Rights Studies and the China Foundation for Human Rights Development. More than 200 participants are in attendance, including senior human rights officials, scholars and foreign diplomats from almost 50 countries or regions.  The theme of the forum is \u00a1\u00b0Poverty Elimination: Seeking Common Development to Build a Community of Shared Future for Human Beings\u00a1\u00b1. This year marks the 40th anniversary of China\u00a1\u00afs reform and opening-up, a period that has seen almost 800 million rural poor lifted out of extreme poverty.  China\u00a1\u00afs achievements in poverty reduction have contributed more than 70 percent to the world\u00a1\u00afs total reduction, officials said. China has vowed to eliminate extreme poverty domestically by 2020. By the end of last year, China still had more than 30 million registered poor.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "  Born in 1955 in Anhui province, Li (front, third from right) was sent to work as an \"educated youth\" at a village in Fengyang county, Anhui province, in 1974. He was among the 5.7 million young people who took the first gaokao after a more than 10-year suspension in 1977 and was admitted to Peking University's Law School. He visited Peking University last year and took a photo with foreign students.Wu Zhiyi/china Daily  Born in 1949 in Beihai, Guangxi Zhuang autonomous region, Chen moved to Beijing when he was 8. In 1968, he graduated from the High School Affiliated to Renmin University of China and became a coal miner in western Beijing during the \"cultural revolution\" (1966-76). He was admitted to the Chinese literature department of Peking University after passing the gaokao in 1977. Over the years, several of his works have been published overseas in Korean, Japanese, French and English.  Born in 1951 in Miluo, Hunan province, Jiang graduated from high school in 1969 before serving in the army. He passed the gaokao in 1977 and was admitted to Peking University's Law School.  He began working at the university after graduating in 1982, and is now an expert on the Constitution and administrative law.  Born in 1949 in Suzhou, Jiangsu province, Meng moved to Beijing with his parents at age 4. During the \"cultural revolution\", he worked at the Beijing Automobile Works, later part of BAIC Motor Corp. After taking the gaokao, he studied journalism at Peking University. Meng had several jobs after graduation, including secretary to Wan Li, former chairman of the National People's Congress Standing Committee. He later founded Happy Life Insurance and director-general of the China National Real Estate Development Group, one of China's earliest property enterprises.  Professor of cellular biology at Harvard Medical School and a fellow of the US National Academy of Sciences.  Born in 1958 in Shanghai, Yuan was assigned to work in a textile machinery plant in 1976. She gained the highest score in Shanghai in the 1977 gaokao and went on to study biology at the city's Fudan University. She earned a doctorate in neurology from Harvard University in 1989 and became an assistant professor, obtaining tenure in 2000. Yuan is best known for her work in apoptosis, the process of cell death in multicellular organisms. ", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "A machinery enthusiast in Wenzhou village, East China's Zhejiang province, has made a fortune selling his own food-delivery robot on the Taobao e-commerce platform, through which the product has tapped markets in Beijing and Shanghai. Though Yang Yunlai stopped his education after graduating from junior high school, the 35-year-old always had a passion for machinery. He has worked as a mechanic, run computer and cellphone shops and even invented a robot able to slice dough. Even without family support at the very beginning, Yang managed to make a robot to serve meals. He spent two years figuring out how to fulfill the project, including exterior design, circuit outlines, material processing and product tests, which cost him hundreds of thousands of yuan. Last year, Yang finally finished. Yang's robot is priced 20 to 30 percent lower than its counterparts on Taobao. \"Now my main focus is making robots, and I make other machines as well, which earns me 5,000 to 6,000 yuan ($726.26 to $870.38) each month,\" he said.", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "Police in Tianjin have confiscated 600 bitcoin mining computers after the local power grid reported abnormal electrical consumption. According to Xinhua News Agency, an electrical line monitored by the power company in Tianjin recently saw a sudden increase in line losses of up to 28 percent during peak hours. Investigators said they found that an electrical junction box for a power user's electricity meter had been bypassed, which is a typical way to escape billing. Bitcoins are a virtual currency used to buy other currencies, products and services online. Bitcoin mining uses algorithms to verify transactions, and miners earn bitcoins in exchange. Powerful computers are used to calculate algorithm outcomes before other miners, so bitcoin miners usually seek locations with easy access to cheap electricity. Basically, the fastest computer wins. It was estimated that the monthly electrical charge for 600 such computers would be hundreds of thousands of yuan. Online exchanges of virtual currencies have been closed in China. Local police said that one person was detained and five others are under investigation. Eight high-powered cooling fans were seized. In January, Beijing police cracked a case involving the theft of 100 bitcoins worth more than 2 million yuan ($316,000) at the time, according to media reports. The suspect, surnamed Zhong, an operations maintenance engineer at a Beijing-based internet technology company, embezzled bitcoins from the company. He was detained in March and is awaiting trial. ", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "Beijing and Tianjin issued yellow alerts for smog on Thursday afternoon, requiring polluting companies to suspend production to lower emissions. The smog is forecast to linger until around noon on Saturday, the national environmental monitoring authority said. Shijiazhuang in Hebei province saw pollution rise to the most severe level, and many other cities\u00a3\u00adincluding Baoding in Hebei province, Beijing and Tianjin\u00a3\u00adreached their second-worst pollution mark by 4 pm, according to the China National Environmental Monitoring Center. The air quality index in Beijing, for example, hit 235. \"The lasting air pollution will cover a wide swath of the northern and eastern regions, and will peak on Friday,\" the center said on Thursday, adding that many cities will see severe pollution on Friday, including Beijing and Tianjin; Hebei's Shijiazhuang, Tangshan, Baoding and Langfang; and Shandong province's Dezhou and Liaocheng. A cold front will bring wind on Saturday morning, and smog will ease gradually from north to south, clearing the skies in Beijing. However, some cities downwind may see pollution worsen on Saturday, the center said. The current spell of air pollution, which is forecast to persist until Saturday, is mainly the result of heavy emissions from local companies combined with unfavorable weather conditions that prevent dispersal, said Wang Shuxiao, professor of environmental studies at Tsinghua University. In response, Beijing and Tianjin issued yellow alerts, the third-highest in the nation's four-tier emergency response system\u00a3\u00adred (the highest), orange, yellow and blue\u00a3\u00adon Thursday. Under a yellow alert, construction sites are required to stop all activities that generate dust, and some polluting companies\u00a3\u00adsuch as furniture plants, foundries and glass factories\u00a3\u00admust suspend production. Tianjin has toughened its restrictions on industrial production while alerts are in effect. For example, under a yellow alert, total industrial emissions will be reduced by 30 percent to clear the air pollution, with production halted at all foundries. The severe air pollution typically seen in autumn and winter in northern regions has become a thorny issue, and the Ministry of Environmental Protection has launched a campaign with other ministries and provincial governments to reduce the number of days with severe air pollution by 15 percent from October to March.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "The third technology festival organized by IT news website PingWest was held in Beijing on Friday. With the theme of \"HAY! 18\", this year's event gathered technology fans, mainstream media, cross-border guests, internet brands, investors and innovators to explore the impact of technological innovation on life. \"Today is the sixth anniversary of PingWest,\" said Thomas Luo, website founder and CEO, at the opening ceremony. \"Six years ago, media reports on science and technology innovation were still marginal in China, now it has become the mainstream and a major drive for the development of the country and society. We have to become stronger, more robust and more capable of serving technological innovators,\" Luo added. The \"HAY!\" event series is the annual brand event of PingWest, which refers to \"Hackers\", \"Artisans\" and \"Yuppies\". The events promote a mixture of science, technology, innovation, commerce, digital entertainment, culture and design through guest talks and brand creativity presentations.", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "'Move surely will destroy the value chain built by the two sides decades ago' The Trump administration's \"reckless\" tariffs are harmful to consumers and the economy in the United States, according to some industry groups and analysts. US President Donald Trump on Monday threatened to slap a 10 percent tariff on $200 billion of Chinese products, in addition to the import duties previously announced on $50 billion in goods. China immediately vowed to retaliate. Zhao Ying, a researcher at the Institute of Industrial Economics at the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences in Beijing, said modern manufacturing is far from producing a single segment, rather, it has a range of segments, from products design, raw materials procurement, production and logistics. The US' tariff move surely will destroy the value chain built by the two sides decades ago. \"This explains why exporters from the two sides were in a hurry to purchase more products in both parts and finished goods from each other's markets in the first five months of this year,\" said Zhao. Brad Setser, an economist at the Council on Foreign Relations, noted that the proposed tariffs on $250 billion of Chinese goods accounted for half of the US goods imports from China in 2017. \"No way you get there without putting tariffs on a lot of consumer goods imports,\" whether they are computers, cellphones, apparel, toys and small household appliances, the former Treasury official in the Obama administration, said on his Twitter account. The National Retail Federation, an advocacy group, called the latest tariff threat \"reckless escalation\", saying the tit-for-tat trade fight is catching US families in the middle. \"Higher prices for everyday essentials and lost jobs threaten to sap the energy out of the strong US economy just as most Americans are starting to enjoy the benefits of historic tax reform,\" NRF President and CEO Matthew Shay said on Monday night. Imposing new tariffs on Chinese goods is only an excuse for the US government to irrationally pursue political goals, as it has placed heavy restriction on high-tech exports to China, said Ma Yu, a senior researcher at the Chinese Academy of International Trade and Economic Cooperation in Beijing. He said the issue of the trade deficit will disappear automatically or drop significantly if the US can trade with China in high-tech products including aircraft engines, inertial navigation systems, lasers, optical fibers, depleted uranium, underwater video cameras and propulsion systems, advanced composite materials and communications equipment. In a White House conference call on Tuesday, Peter Navarro, Trump's trade advisor, dismissed fears that ratcheting up tariffs would harm the US economy. \"Our view is that these actions are necessary to defend this country, and that they are ultimately bullish for corporate America, for the working men and women of America, and for the global trading system,\" Navarro said, as US stocks fell following the sharp escalation in the trade dispute between China and the US. Economists warned that the tariffs would start to slow US growth, The Associated Press reported on Tuesday. The story cited Oxford Economics, a leader in global forecasting and quantitative analysis, which estimated that if the US imposed the $200 billion in tariffs and China responded in kind, US growth could slow by 0.3 percentage point next year. \"By threatening to impose a 10 percent tariff on an additional $200 billion of imports from China, the US President Trump has upped the ante on the trade conflict between the two,\" Oxford Economics said in a research briefing.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "  Beijing-born artist Zhao Bandi, 51, rose to fame in the late 1980s for his paintings that demonstrate techniques which he learned when studying at the Central Academy of Fine Arts.  But he soon dropped painting and turned to performance art, where he created and performed in several projects.  He is now holding a solo exhibition,  at the Ullens Center for Contemporary Art at Beijing's 798 art district through Oct 22.  The exhibition showcases his creations since 1987 covering oil paintings, performance art, videos and fashion designs.  The highlights are his early paintings and his latest works. Also on show are his Giant Panda series of performance art in which he uses the animal as a medium to convey his opinions on the changing social scene. ", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "   In recent years, I've seen so many innovations in China's internet industry. And it has made a huge difference across the world. I believe China will become the online linchpin, leading a number of revolutionary transformations in the sharing economy, transportation and artificial intelligence. The most interesting development is how people take things online and then apply them offline again to change existing industries. The artificial intelligence technology behind ride-sharing is now being used to help taxi companies and bus operators to revolutionize the way they manage drivers, and vehicles. Traffic lights have existed for centuries but now Didi scientists are using big data analytics to manage them real time. Technology is not only about expensive gadgets but a life necessity such as affordable, on-demand mobility for everyone. The ability of technology is to bridge gaps and be a force of inclusion rather than exclusion. This is the trend that will carry China and the rest of the world toward a more interconnected and shared future. : China's internet technology and applications have evolved alongside the rapid development of the country's economy. Our mobile internet technology and apps are currently leading the world. We are also innovators in the internet field. The most innovative products may come from the areas of artificial intelligence, or AI, and mobile video. As AI technology sweeps across the world, countries are introducing new laws and policies to secure the development of this industry. Additionally, mobile videos, especially short ones, have experienced high speed development. : The so-called \"Copy to China\" model has seen a distinct shift in recent years. In fact, in sectors like fintech, China has the scale and technology to lead innovation globally. The prevalence of mobile payments has unlocked new economic opportunities for people and small businesses. Nowadays, four Chinese consumers in five will tell you that they are comfortable going out with only their smartphones and no cash. People, including the elderly, buy groceries from street vendors by scanning a printed QR code using their mobile phones. You just don't see this in other parts of the world. In addition to bringing convenience for buyers, mobile payment has also helped street vendors address the long standing issue of fake bank notes. Another area that China is well positioned to compete globally is the application of AI to transform traditional businesses. The tangible benefit of applying AI to services has the power of dramatically increasing productivity. This in turn will give people greater access. : Powerful internet countries have many similar traits, but I think the most important ones are being inclusive and forward-looking. Didi's rapid growth in China proves how important these characteristics can be. For example, when the rest of the world was bickering about whether online ride-hailing and ride-sharing was legal or not, China became the first country to give it the all clear on a national basis. It was a huge step for a country with the vision to see the coming revolution in transport. With ride-sharing, electric vehicles and autonomous driving, China will lead the next wave in transportation across the world. : As far as I am concerned, internet power should have the following characteristics, such as a large population and a well-equipped network infrastructure. It should also be strong scientifically with innovation capability and a pool of internet talent. A good capital environment is another important part. China has nearly all those characteristics. But the country still needs to grasp the coming opportunities, meet the needs of consumers and sustain innovation. : A country with a strong internet sector needs many ingredients. China luckily has most of them, such as good internet infrastructure and a vast talent pool for the sector. It also has a large savvy population and a high mobile internet penetration rate, as well as supportive government policies. When you have all of those ingredients, it is only natural to see cities such as Beijing, Shanghai, Shenzhen and Hangzhou become talent magnets globally. The challenge is how you make the overall environment even more attractive to innovation. We need more collaboration between academia and industry to accelerate the process from research and development to application of new technologies. That will be the key to success. : Yes, of course. China is the world's largest and probably the most complex internet market. Tech companies can gain rich insight and develop advanced technological capabilities here, which will help them go further. Take Didi as an example. The intensity of traffic congestions and mobility inefficiency in China is unparalleled. The services we have developed to deal with these problems can be used elsewhere. We have managed to introduce quite a few services, which we have created for China's market, to the wider international communities. Our minibus and hitch programs have been adopted respectively by our partners in Brazil and Southeast Asia, where they can perfectly meet local demands. : Yes, of course. One of the most important experiences gained from China's sustained internet development has been innovation. Whether it is the portal era, the e-commerce era or the era of the shared economy, innovation has always been a driving force for development. : Definitely. A large percentage of people are underserved in terms of financial services, especially in developing markets. Digital payment systems can greatly reduce the cost of serving customers, especially with basic financial services, such as savings accounts, and even wealth management. Ant Financial's technology capability and experience in providing digital financial services in China have stood the test of time and scale. For example, we processed 256,000 transactions per second during the peak of the Singles Day shopping festival. By working with our global partners, we are confident that the same technological capability can be leveraged in other parts of the world to make financial services more inclusive. It will give people equal opportunities. : One of the greatest revolutions is the integration of the three internets. That is the internet of information, the internet of energy, and the internet of transportation. This revolution is not only the result of technological advancement, but an inevitable choice to change a centuries old unsustainable model of development. Integration will change this. Cars will not be owned but shared. Energy produced in an eco-friendly way will be connected to a web of charging stations. Transportation will be arranged and deployed on big data-powered platforms. Parking lots will make way for schools and green spaces. The entire landscape of cities will be changed for the better. : During the past few years, China's internet industry has gone through many changes and innovations. These include online to offline, or O2O, the shared economy, mobile live broadcasts and short video. Changes will affect our future since all of them are based on meeting people's needs. : Mobile payments moving into more offline areas and covering more geographical regions became an important change this year. The trend will dramatically change our lives and the real economy. We are already seeing rapid growth in the shared economy sector, such as bikes and home stay. And mobile payments are helping this industry grow. : Didi caters for 25 million rides a day. Every single one is arranged, deployed and completed by the power of AI. Didi is fully committed to big data, machine learning and artificial intelligence, which can continuously improve the efficiency of our platform. Every day, we process 20 billion routing requests and deal with 15 billion location points. Didi's AI capabilities are based on the enormous amount of data. By analyzing the behavior and locations of our users - both the drivers and the passengers - we are getting better at deploying capacities. : Artificial intelligence is affecting all industries and Yixia is no exception. We have already been applying this technology on our Miaopai and Yizhibo platforms. In October, we cooperated with SenseTime and Star VC in exploring video advertisements using artificial intelligence and augmented reality in our content. The technology will also be applied to our Miaopai and Yizhibo platforms. : AI is one of the pillars of our BASIC strategy - namely Blockchain, AI, Security, Internet of Things and Cloud Computing. The technology has tremendous potential to increase productivity, which is something we must continue to improve, so people can access more products and service. Our AI capabilities include voice recognition, natural language processing and image recognition. We are already applying and constantly exploring new ways to use this technology in our products and services. For example, our AI powered real-time risk management platform, AlphaRisk, reduces fraud on Alipay with a loss rate of one in 1 million. Another example of an AI application is the intelligent assistant within our Alipay app. It is able to handle interactions with a user by answering questions like a human being. : The integration of three internets, namely the internet of information, the internet of energy and the internet of transportation, will transform the landscape of cities. : Short video is hot within the internet industry and this trend will continue. With the development of the mobile internet, traditional image-text methods will give way to vivid, short videos. This is because video meets the needs of consumers looking for information. The trend also gives us an advantage as Miaopai is now one of China's most successful short video platforms. According to the latest data from QuestMobile, the leading big data service provider, our monthly user scale has exceeded 310 million for two consecutive months. : Technologies, such as the internet of things, blockchain and biometrics, are going to expand quickly with wide application. Blockchain allows an online ledger to be open to public scrutiny, creating a level of trust that was not there before. We are already piloting the application of blockchain in areas such as philanthropy and mutual insurance, so as to foster more trust-based growth.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "The first-tier cities in China \u00a1\u00aa Beijing, Shanghai, Shenzhen and Guangzhou \u00a1\u00aa generally have the best business environment, as the four cities topped a related ranking issued by China Media Group. The ranking is based on an evaluation system including criteria such as starting a business, credit availability, resource sharing, taxes and intellectual property protection. And four municipalities, 27 provincial capitals and five cities specifically designated in the state plan were selected to study in the group's report. Now let's look at what other cities with a great business environment have landed in the top 10 spots. No 10 Xi'an", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "The data offers a quick look at how the internet is shaping China, in a stunning way. \"The country does in 60 seconds (online) what some would only do over a day, week, or more,\" said Tech in Asia, a popular technology website which compiled the data. What is more important, the blossoming trend has unfolded just in few years, as the cyberspace gets increasingly intertwined with the offline world, officials and experts said. China officially launched the Internet Plus initiative in 2015, which was designed to upgrade traditional industries by embracing new technologies such as mobile internet, cloud computing, big data, and the internet of things. In just two years, concrete progress has been made, with internet-related technologies revolutionizing sectors such as manufacturing, retail, transportation, finance, and healthcare. \"We will work faster to build China into a manufacturer of quality and develop advanced manufacturing, promote further integration of the internet, big data, and artificial intelligence with the real economy,\" said President Xi Jinping in the report he delivered at the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China. Since the inception of the Internet Plus, new industries and business models have emerged, which have greatly boosted China's economic growth, according to Premier Li Keqiang. AliResearch, a research institute of Alibaba, noted that internet-related growth has accounted for 6.9 percent of China's gross domestic product, the second highest proportion in the world. The fast application of new digital technologies in traditional sectors has been enabled largely by China's powerful information infrastructure. The country has built the world's largest broadband network. Thanks to the quick deployment of 4G mobile technologies and fiber-optic networks, the world's second-largest economy has also accumulated about 751 million netizens as of June this year, roughly equivalent to those of the United States and India combined, data from the China Internet Network Information Center show. In comparison, the number for June, 2012 in China was just 538 million, reflecting the stellar growth the country has made in the past five years. Miao Wei, the minister of Industry and Information Technology, said China has risen to be a strong player in the global internet arena, and become the largest manufacturing powerhouse in the world. \"Upgrading the manufacturing sector with advanced digital technologies is a global trend. China has already made a good start in this direction,\" he said. The ministry has handpicked 206 smart manufacturing pilot projects across the country since 2015. Twenty-eight of them are rolling out industrial internet trials, which have boosted their production efficiency by more than 30 percent. By establishing a computerized interconnection of machinery, big data and the internet of things which can analyze data from machinery and adjust its operation, companies are accelerating their push to upgrade plants. Zhang Ruimin, chairman of Haier Group, a household appliances giant, said traditional enterprises have been completely overhauled in the internet age. The company has built an industrial cloud platform, which helps it swiftly satisfy customers personalized demands on a large scale. As for businesses which used to be hit by the prevalence of internet technologies, positive changes are also showing up to inject new vitality. Brick-and-mortar stores, for instance, are starting to benefit from e-commerce behemoth Alibaba and JD.com Inc's efforts to develop the so-called new retail experience. They are scrambling to help brands merge online and offline resources to offer customers a seamless shopping experience with the aid of artificial intelligence, big data and cloud computing technologies. To be more specific, tech gurus are converting retail outlets into \"intelligent stores\" that have drawn thousands of labels, from Nike to Shiseido to Wyeth. Through an interconnected system, they allow shoppers to track product availability at other locations in real time and get timely delivery to their doorsteps while choosing to pay with their phones. Danielle Bailey, Asia-Pacific research head at consultancy L2, said the integration of virtual and physical landscapes is an area where China leads the way. \"In the West you have this battle of online and offline ... Here through a variety of models you see where China has already had these things work, and not just empty talk,\" she said. Likewise, how to embrace the internet is also the latest buzz word echoing around the finance sector. In addition to offering mobile payment services, local financial technology companies are actively embracing new activities such as online wealth management, credit scoring and utility bill payments. Such robust development has helped China secure five of the top 10 places in a ranking of the world's best-performing fintech players, according to a report released by UK-based advisory firm KPMG and Australian investment company H2 Ventures. Alibaba's affiliate Ant Financial, which runs China's largest mobile finance platform Alipay, remains the most successful global fintech company, said the report which was unveiled in November. \"China continues to dominate the fintech landscape,\" said H2 Ventures partner Ben Heap. \"These firms are continuing a trend that is several years in the making and highlights the extraordinary rise of the fintech industry in China.\" Girish Ramachandran, Asia-Pacific president of Tata Consultancy Services, India's largest information technology company, said China's rapid strides in the integration of internet and finance have directly inspired India to digitize its economy. For example, Ant Financial has brought its wireless payment solutions to its Indian counterpart Paytm.com, and the two signed an agreement in 2015 to create a local version of Alipay. Meanwhile, the Internet Plus strategy is spawning a tide of innovation in China, helping the country to evolve from an \"innovation sponge\", absorbing and adapting existing technology and knowledge from around the world, into a global leader in innovation, spawning a wide range of homegrown cutting-edge products and services. Nothing better demonstrates this than the bike-sharing phenomenon. Created by Chinese players, including Ofo and Mobike, GPS-enabled, dockless bikes are now improving the lives of people in big cities at home and abroad who are fed up with congested roads and long for zero-emissions forms of transportation. Mobike announced in November that it would start operations in Berlin, Germany, meeting the company's ambitious goal of expanding to 200 cities globally by the end of this year. \"In stark contrast to the previous generation of Chinese internet companies that are focused on domestic growth until the market became saturated, emerging startups are better at coming up with their own ideas and better aware of the opportunities abroad,\" said Zhang Xu, an independent smart transportation analyst in Beijing.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "China is developing driverless high-speed trains which could be used on the Beijing-Zhangjiakou railway line, under construction for the Beijing Winter Olympics in 2022, the chief engineer of the country's railway operator said. The development of the country's high-speed trains is toward smart driverless ones, said He Huawu, chief engineer State-owned China Railway Corp, at a railway exhibition in Shanghai on Thursday. He said China has developed into a leading player in high-speed railways worldwide, and he has noticed \"drivers are very nervous while driving high-speed trains, because of the safety concern.\" Therefore, smart driverless high-speed trains have been on the agenda, He said, and the change will make travels much safer and arrive on time more frequently. People might hold concerns about the safety of the driverless high-speed trains running hundreds of kilometers in much more complex environments than subway trains, which only run tens of kilometers, He said. One solution is to ensure the train is mainly controlled by a smart machine, but with a driver still on duty, He said. The next step of the country's high-speed railway development is to employ smart driverless high-speed trains, He said. Researchers are verifying the possibility of driverless trains on the high-speed railway from Beijing to Zhangjiakou, He said, striving to run such trains during the Beijing Winter Olympics in 2022. Being more economical, efficient, sustainable, greener and safer are the keys to China's future railway development, He said. In September, China has made use of subway train driverless technology on the 16.6-km Yanfang Line in Beijing, the Chinese mainland's first driverless subway made domestically.", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "A case in which six people were jailed for helping dozens of students cheat on China's national exam for graduate schools shows that such operations are becoming more organized and sophisticated, according to a Beijing judge. On Tuesday, Zhang Wuya and five accomplices were sentenced to prison terms ranging from 20 months to four years for using high-tech equipment to provide answers to 33 students during the exam in December 2016. The group provided the test-takers with wireless transmitters and receivers, and instructed them to read the questions aloud. Their voices were picked up by off-site researchers, who used textbooks and other resources to send them the correct answer. Haidian District People's Court, which heard the case, did not disclose how much students were charged for the service. However, the six defendants received fines ranging from 10,000 to 40,000 yuan ($1,460 to $5,840). Cao Xiaoying, a judge at the court, said the case is believed to be the largest involving organized cheating in Beijing since the Criminal Law was amended in 2015 to outlaw facilitating cheaters or hiring others to take a State-level exam. The crime is punishable by up to seven years in prison. She said the illegal use of wireless equipment to cheat seriously jeopardizes the integrity of the examination and called for heavier punishments and tougher regulations to stamp out the problem. The court said Zhang established an education company in Beijing and came up with the idea of using wireless equipment to help students cheat, while fellow defendants Lyu Shilong, Zhang Xiayang and Zhang Zongqun were responsible for recruiting test-takers. Zhang Wuya purchased signal transmitters, signal receivers and other equipment, while the others handed out the receivers and transmitters to the students, as well as organized mock tests to check the equipment. Two other accomplices, Li Qian and Zhang Feng, were tasked with recruiting people as off-site researchers and providing answers to test questions. Lyu and Zhang Xiayang also took part in the exams and were among the students who received the answers. It is not yet known what punishments the other test-takers who cheated will face. According to figures from the court, the capital has recorded 34 cases of cheating in various national exams since 2016, including those for prospective graduate students and teachers. Wang Jingbo, a professor at China University of Political Science and Law, said cheating has formed a profit chain consisting of various criminal activities and involves a wider scope of students. The ways that students cheat are also constantly changing, and efforts to prevent cheating should be enhanced. \"This is necessary since cheating on exams shows not only a lack of personal integrity, but it's also a serious violation of the law and regulations. For exams that affect students' future development, fairness must be guaranteed,\" Wang said. The Central Commission for Guiding Ethics and Cultural Progress launched a campaign on Monday to eliminate unethical or dishonest behavior in economic and social areas, including cheating on exams.", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "A growing number of families are sending children on study tours in foreign countries, as Zhao Xinying reports. Since September, when her daughter enrolled in primary school, Amy Chang has been researching study tours overseas. The Beijing resident had often considered sending the girl on a weeklong tour of foreign campuses, but had never taken any action, believing her daughter to be too young to deal with any problems she might encounter during a trip. \"She is now turning 7 and has been learning English for four years. I believe she could take care of herself and communicate with people effectively during a week overseas,\" Chang said. A growing number of parents are thinking the same way. A report published recently by online travel agency Ctrip shows that at least 800,000 overseas study tours were booked for Chinese children during the summer vacation, a 70 percent rise from the same period last year. Each tour cost an average of 25,000 yuan ($3,770) per person, and most were booked by middle-class families in large cities for pre-high school children, according to the report. About 13 percent were booked for children ages 3 to 6, while those ages 7 to 12 accounted for 31 percent. \"Because the kids learn things while travelling, many parents regard study tours as a good way of providing education through entertainment, which they believe will broaden their child's horizons and improve their language and communication skills,\" said Zhang Jie, director of the study tour department at Ctrip. While the United States and the United Kingdom have long dominated the list of popular destinations, countries in Africa, South America and Southeast Asia have been visited more frequently in recent years. Zhang Chao, general manager of a study tour agency in Nanning, Guangxi Zhuang autonomous region, said a typical overseas tour lasts one to two weeks and consists of visits to prestigious schools and well-known scenic spots. He believes tours should supplement and expand what the students learn in class, and how they learn. For example, when the agency takes students to a museum overseas, it doesn't employ tour guides. \"Instead, we ask the kids to conduct their own research and explore the museum on their own, and then we ask them to introduce the area to each other. In this way, we help them to make full use of the tour to learn, and to improve their language skills,\" he said. Chang plans to send her daughter to the US for her first study tour, because the country has excellent primary schools where her daughter will be able to communicate in English and learn about the thoughts and lifestyles of foreign children of her own age. \"A trip like this might inspire her and could help her development,\" she said. Although a host of travel agencies and private educational institutions provide tours, Chang is considering a trip organized by her daughter's school, either during the upcoming winter vacation or next year's summer vacation. \"Compared with travel agencies or private organizations, I have more trust in the school's ability to ensure the children's safety and strike a good balance between study and travel,\" she said. \"The cost - about 30,000 to 40,000 yuan - is reasonable, and definitely within my budget.\",Some wealthier parents are taking their children on study tours themselves. In September, Su An, a housewife in Beijing, took her 5-year-old son to Europe. Unlike many Chinese who head overseas for sightseeing and shopping, Su was motivated by her son's love of art. He has studied painting for two years, so she took him to museums and galleries, including the Louvre Museum in Paris and the Picasso Museum in Barcelona, Spain. Although the 10-day trip cost nearly 70,000 yuan, Su said it was worth it. \"Since returning, Ming Ming, my son, has often tried to make copies of the masterpieces he saw in Europe,\" she said, proudly, adding that she is planning another trip to consolidate his progress. \"His painting teacher told me that he has made the greatest progress ever since he came back from the tour,\" she said. Ming Ming said the paintings overseas were different to those he had seen in China.\" They were beautiful,\" he said. \"I can't describe what the differences are, but I loved looking at them.\" Su disagrees with people who think she wasted time and money because Ming Ming is too young to understand the things he saw. \"From my own experience, many things I read, saw and felt in my early childhood stayed in my memory for a long time,\" the 35-year-old said. \"So I believe that although my son did not fully understand or remember all the things he saw, some feelings he had during the trip will stay with him and influence him as he grows up.\" However, not all parents - even high earners - are like Su, who is happy to absorb the cost of study tours. During the summer vacation, a WeChat article about a woman in Guangzhou, Guangdong province, who complained about the high cost of her daughter's education went viral thanks to its resonance among parents. The woman said she had spent 35,000 yuan on educational activities for the girl during the summer, with most of the expenditure related to a 10-day study tour in the US. Faced with rising peer pressure among other parents who spend generously on extracurricular education, the woman, a senior manager who earns more than 30,000 yuan a month, felt she had no choice but to splash out. As a result, she was forced to cut down on her own expenses - for example, she had to stop buying new clothes - and also had to work harder to earn more money to support her daughter's interests. Xiong Bingqi, deputy director of the 21st Century Education Research Institute in Beijing, said it's understandable that all parents try to help their children gain life advantages and study at all costs, but some fail to look at the matter rationally. \"They book very expensive tours for their children without fully considering the family's financial situation or the child's needs and interests. They just don't want to lose face with other parents,\" he said. \"Tours booked this way won't help a child's development. Instead, they are more likely to make the parents anxious and increase the financial burden on them.\" Chu Zhaohui, a researcher at the National Institute of Education Sciences, said expensive overseas study tours can contribute to a child's development, but not as much as many parents imagine. \"Most study tours are quite short and may leave little impression on children, particularly younger kids,\" he said. \"Going on a study tour overseas is not a necessity for a child's development and could definitely be replaced with other activities. Parents needn't feel downhearted if they can't afford such tours.\",Domestic tours Some parents actively avoid trying to \"keep up with the Joneses\", and are finding other ways to help their children. Wang Haifeng, who works for a State-owned enterprise, said rather than register her son, a sixth grader in Beijing, for an intensive, tiring study tour that requires travelling to a distant country, she would prefer he stayed at home to rest or participated in relaxing activities nearby. In August, she sent her son on a tour to Baiyangdian, Hebei province, with a dozen children of similar age. During the three-day trip, they conducted research into the quality of the local water. When he returned home, her son produced a report in which he detailed the things he had seen, felt and discovered on the tour. \"The trip cost just 1,000 yuan, but my son gained as much as he would have on a trip overseas, which might be 20 times more expensive,\" she said. A survey conducted by iResearch, a consultancy in Beijing, showed that children participated in 2.6 million domestic study tours last year. In December, the Ministry of Education, along with 10 other ministries and commissions, released a series of guidelines to encourage primary and middle schools to organize educational excursions for students. Many industry insiders saw it as an opportunity to further develop and tap the market potential. Zhang Jie said bookings on Ctrip for domestic study tours during the summer vacation rose by 140 percent compared with last year, with each tour costing an average of 4,000 yuan. \"That figure is definitely set to rise in the future,\" she said.,Popular destinations In-depth cultural experience in Florida, United States: Dates: Late January to early March Duration: Two weeks Cost: 39,000 yuan ($5,885) per person, which includes registration fee, transportation, board and lodging, tuition and insurance Appropriate ages: 10 to 16 Major activities: Visiting Universal Studios and experiencing film production; visiting local museums, universities, fire departments and farms to meet members of staff and farmers, and become immersed in the local culture; other entertainment and sports, such as making handicrafts, learning to bowl and playing baseball with local students Short-term study and travel in London: Time: January to February Duration: Two weeks Cost: 38,000 yuan per person, including visa, transportation, board and lodging, tuition and insurance Appropriate ages: 11 to 17 Major activities: Studying at a middle school in London on workdays and taking courses including history, arts, French, physical education, math and cooking; taking sightseeing tours at weekends to scenic spots, such as the River Thames, Royal Greenwich Observatory and Buckingham Palace Immersive study tour to the Gold Coast, Queensland, Australia Time: Early January to mid-February Duration: Two weeks Cost: 37,000 yuan per person, including registration, visa, transportation, insurance, and board and lodging Appropriate ages: 11 to 14 Major activities: Visiting Long Beach and experiencing surfing; visiting theme parks and observing local wildlife, such as koalas and kangaroos; a one-day visit to Brisbane and a two-day trip to Sydney; living with host families STEAM training tour, Singapore Time: Late January to mid-February Duration: One week Cost: 17,000 yuan per person, including visa, flight tickets, insurance, board and lodging Appropriate ages: Primary and junior middle school students Major activities: Visiting the Singapore Science Center and Nanyang Technological University, taking robotics courses and visiting the National Gallery Singapore to experience the island's STEAM (science, technology, engineering, arts and mathematics) education; touring scenic spots and experiencing local food to gain a deeper understanding of Singapore ", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "  With financial institutions increasingly employing roboadvisers, China's central bank and financial regulators issued draft regulations for comment recently, requiring financial institutions to receive regulatory approval for offering such services.  The regulatory authorities said financial institutions should create rational investment strategies and algorithm models, as well as remind investors of the flaws and risks associated with algorithm-based robo-advisory models.  Financial institutions are also required to report to the regulators the principal parameters of their advisory models and the main logic behind their asset allocation.  The draft regulations come at a time when a growing number of financial institutions, including commercial banks, securities firms and fintech companies, have started to explore robo-advisory services in wealth management.  Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Ltd, the country's largest State-owned commercial lender by assets, announced on Nov 13 that it recently launched a robo-advisory service called \"AI Investment\".  Personal clients of ICBC can take an investment risk tolerance assessment on its mobile banking platform. Based on the assessment results, the bank will recommend to each client an investment portfolio composed of six types of investment, such as bonds, securities and money market funds, and tell the client the simulated annualized rates of return during different investment periods.  The client will then make investment decisions based on the recommendation of ICBC, which sets the robo-advisory investment threshold at 10,000 yuan ($1,508), and adjusts their investment portfolio according to the latest investment situation in financial markets.  Since AI Investment started trial run on Aug 22, the annualized rates of return of its 15 investment portfolios ranged from 3.14 percent to 14.59 percent, according to ICBC. The robo-advisory model developed by the bank will analyze the data reflecting macroeconomics, industries, fundamentals of listed companies, and market performance and risk.  Before ICBC introduced robo-advisers, China Merchants Bank Co Ltd, a nationwide joint-stock commercial lender with a strong foothold in retail banking, launched a similar service in December 2016.  The bank's robo-advisory system analyzes more than 3,400 public funds to draw a risk-benefit curve that suits the investment goals and risk tolerance level of each client.  Tian Huiyu, president of China Merchants Bank, said the bank will push ahead with changes to its input-output model through the development of financial technologies.  During the process of strategic transformation of commercial banks, advanced technologies like artificial intelligence will be widely used in the financial sector, said senior executives of the bank.  It has invested more than 5 billion yuan a year during the last few years to improve its information technology services. It will further increase investment in technical innovation and establish a fault-tolerant mechanism to build a solid foundation for the development of retail banking, according to Li Jianhong, chairman of CMB.  Non-banks are also eyeing the robo-advisory market. Many securities companies, fintech firms and peer-to-peer lending platforms, which allow individuals to lend money directly to unrelated people and businesses, have launched their own services in this field.  PINTEC Group, a Beijing-based intelligent financial services technology platform, launched a renminbi-denominated robo-adviser in the China market, providing intelligent, customized and automated wealth management solutions to financial institutions and their clients.  Zheng Yudong, CEO of Polaris, the digital wealth-management and robo-advisory subsidiary of PINTEC, said: \"Robo-advisers will help investors avoid financial losses caused by irrational investment behaviors, such as buying the winners and selling the losers, amid market fluctuations.\"  By using big data and digital technologies, Polaris will find asset allocation solutions based on real-time market and financial product conditions. Its investment portfolio covers 12 asset categories worldwide, including securities and bonds in mature markets overseas and emerging markets.  \"We have a huge product database and our robots collect a certain fund's market data for calculation every day,\" Zheng said. \"We emphasize long-term performance of a fund, rather than simply highlighting its short-term performance.\"  The firm provides robo-advisory solutions to institutional investors, including banks, securities and insurance companies, in addition to individual clients. ", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "The construction of a highway connecting Beijing's new international airport with the downtown area has been finished 70 percent, Beijing Municipal Commission of Transport said Wednesday. Located on the border of Beijing and Langfang, Hebei province, the new airport was named the Beijing Daxing International Airport in September and the highway is to be named the \"Beijing Daxing International Airport Highway.\" According to the commission, the highway's subgrade engineering has been finished, and it has entered the asphalt paving phase. The whole construction work will be finished in the first half next year. Melting snow materials have been added to the asphalt at the uppermost layer, which will help melt snow automatically during winter, according to the China Communications Construction Co Ltd. As the key part of the construction project, the turn work of four major bridges to cross a railway, a high-speed railway, a road and a new rail line will be carried out in early Dec, according to the Beijing Infrastructure Investment Co Ltd. A senior manager from the BIIC said that it is very difficult to organize and coordinate the turn work of four bridges and it has to be finished within 100 minutes. The highway is part of the five vertical and two horizontal integrated transportation networks outside the Daxing international airport. It starts from the Tuanhe Bridge of South Fifth Ring Road to the airport's northern ring area, which is about 27 kilometers long, has eight traffic lanes and the maximum designed speed of 120 kilometers per hour. When the highway is in operation, vehicles can reach airport from South Fifth Ring Road in about 20 minutes.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": ", an exhibition now on at Beijing's Minsheng Art Museum, addresses a lack of in-depth, sustainable exchanges between contemporary cultures of emerging economies in an increasingly globalized era. At the exhibition, works of more than 40 Chinese and Brazilian artists who play a vital role in each country's contemporary art scene are on show through March 3. The display provides viewers with an overall view of the dynamics of Brazilian art and a glimpse into the South American country's social and cultural spectrums. Also, it builds a dialogue between Chinese and Brazilian cultures, showing how artists from the two countries respond to the common issues of society.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "The China House Vision exhibition, attended by 10 top companies including Haier, Xiaomi and BMW Mini, and 10 renowned architects and designers' teams such as Kenya Hara, Shuhei Aoyama and Ma Yansong, is presenting audiences with prospective \"future homes\" and lifestyles in Beijing. As a cross-industry creative exhibition themed after the concept of home, the exhibition is not an ordinary architectural or home design exhibition. It includes designers' thinking toward human society by examining modern life through a futuristic perspective, and tries to create a better life with modern technology. The exhibition opened on Sept 22 in Beijing and will last through Nov 6.,With solar panels on top of the structure, people can lie on cane chairs and enjoy reading in autumn. The garden home presents a natural dwelling based on state-of-the-art technology, which might be the future of human habitation.,A bookcase with wheels shows one's household articles can be extended to outdoors, and shared with the community.,Enlightened by China's traditional cave-dwelling and Beijing's quadrangle courtyards, the MUJI dorm provides staff members a comfortable living space with the assistance of MUJI's shelves.,The display area, called \"the smallest to the largest home\", explores a new residence pattern to eliminate inner and outer boundaries, providing more design potential.,This exhibit aims to show residence should not end at home. Furniture and appliances can be taken to the community for sharing with neighbors.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Ahead of the ongoing Conference on Dialogue of Asian Civilizations, overseas journalists visited the Beijing International Horticultural Exhibition on Tuesday, to learn about the capital city's drive to promote more eco-friendly lifestyles. Co-organized by the conference's news center and the Beijing Information Office, the tour took in the featured horticulture and iconic architecture of China and its capital, as well as the diverse horticulture featured in countries around the world. More than 60 reporters from 50 media outlets of 30 countries including Pakistan, Afghanistan, Costa Rica and Argentina joined the tour. With the theme of \"live green, live better\", the 503-hectare horticultural expo opened on April 29 and will run until Oct 7. More than 80 countries and international organizations have built 41 outdoor exhibition areas, comprised of 34 independent exhibition parks and seven jointly-built exhibition parks. The Chinese Pavilion, which covers 15,000 square meters, is a major landmark at the expo, where 31 provincial regions from the Chinese mainland have displayed their distinct cultures ranging from Beijing's traditions, Tianjin's villa buildings and the Xinjiang Uygur autonomous region's Silk Road culture to Sichuan province's bamboo culture. Sone Thaw Tar Win Pyae, a journalist from Myanmar International Radio, said the expo is an ideal venue to see a city and a country's landscape. \"This is my second time in China, but the first time for me to take part in such an activity. It is amazing,\" she said. \"I'm really impressed by the Chinese Pavilion. The Shaanxi section also reminds me of my first visit to Xi'an.\",Covering an area of 12,770 sq m, the International Pavilion has four exhibition areas, displaying various horticultural cultures including eco-themed wall displays, mobile gardens, flora competitions and exhibitions of countries around the world. Muhammad Imran, a journalist from Dawn News TV, said he could feel China's fast economic development and environmental protection from the expo visit. \"It is an enjoyable experience to see so many flowers from around the world in the International Pavilion,\" Muhammad said. \"I'm quite excited to find my country Pakistan also exhibiting our culture and products in the pavilion.\" Ye Dahua, deputy head of the Beijing International Horticultural Exhibition Coordination Bureau, said the expo is one of the biggest events in the world. To date, the expo has received 800,000 visits, according to Ye. In addition to the horticulture exhibitions, the expo is hosting activities, such as a lighting show and robot performance. Advanced technologies including 5G, unmanned aerial vehicles and self-driving cars are also being showcased. \"The expo has attracted 110 countries to display their gardening culture, and it has gathered cultures around the world to provide visitors with a visual feast,\" Ye said.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "The Spring Festival travel rush - the largest human migration in the world - is in full swing, and it is estimated that nearly 3 billion trips will be made via cars, buses, trains and planes as people across the country visit their families to celebrate the most important festival of the year. China Daily reporters spoke to four travelers to discover how they planned their journeys, plus a woman who has bucked the trend by deciding to stay in Beijing instead of visiting her family. Two months ago when the duty roster was handed out, Zhong Zhaoshuang was thrilled to see that her last shift in the Year of Rooster will be on a train that will arrive in Guangzhou, Guangdong province, at 8 am on Feb 15, which is Spring Festival Eve. The timing meant she could invite her parents to travel from Harbin, capital of the northeastern province of Heilongjiang, to visit her in her apartment in the southern metropolis so they can celebrate Lunar New Year together. She has rarely been as lucky, because since she started on the rail network in 2005, Zhong has spent nine out of 12 Lunar New Year's Eve's working. \"For train stewards, four days on trains followed by two days' rest is the norm. Only the lucky ones finish work in time for the family reunion feast at the end of the year,\" said the 34-year-old head steward, who works for the China Railway Guangzhou Group. As millions of Chinese head home for the festival, the rail network will be under pressure to cope with the largest annual human migration on the globe. According to the National Development and Reform Commission, nearly 3 billion trips are expected to be made during the 40 day travel rush for the festival, and more than 390 million of them will be by train. Apart from their two-day breaks, railway employees are not allowed to ask for leave during the festival period. \"When I started working, I thought spending the day away from home was cool. But when I saw thousands of Chinese brave all the difficulties to make it home, I started to miss my family,\" she said. In 2005, when Zhong graduated from a railway college in Harbin, Heilongjiang, she joined the railway company. At first, she worked on slow trains, but she was promoted to the post of head steward on a bullet train five years later after passing several exams, including one on emergency procedures. \"On the slower trains, there were so many people in the carriages that passengers on the platform had to use windows to get onto the train,\" she said. \"We could not move on the train, either. I remember once we collected six bags of trash from just one carriage after the passengers disembarked.\" During the Spring Festival travel rush, passengers bring more and heavier luggage. Zhong said she has seen migrant workers bringing buckets full of eggs on the train, and even a TV set once. \"Those were the New Year gifts they were taking home. I felt obliged to help them guard their New Year gifts,\" she said. And when the clock strikes midnight, signaling New Year, she said the passengers - irrespective of where they come from or what they do for a living - all take out their phones and dial their families and loved ones. \"I always call my parents first. I am their only child and I know they will be waiting for my call,\" she said. ByLi Lei,When Ni Chenyang began preparing for his Spring Festival trip home, he was uncertain whether he could find a method of transport that would allow him to arrive in time for the family reunion dinner on New Year's Eve, which falls on Thursday this year. However, having booked a flight, the 3,512 kilometer journey from Beijing to Altay prefecture, Xinjiang Uyghur autonomous region, seems less daunting than during his student days when he took the train. \"I felt like I would be racing against the sun on my way home,\" the 26-year-old said. \"However, thanks to the convenience of air travel, I will just about make it. Before landing his job as an accounts clerk at a State-owned bank, Ni studied at the University of International Business and Economics in Beijing for six years. His limited funds meant he always traveled home to Altay by train, even though the journey took about 39 hours, including a one-night stopover in Urumqi, the regional capital, before he continued his journey on a branch line. \"It's hard to get a ticket during the Spring Festival travel rush, so I usually try to do it several days in advance,\" he said. \"When I was in college, I had more time and therefore more options.\" To avoid the crowds, he usually chose to return home before the travel rush began, but it wasn't easy to endure the journey. \"There are about 20 stops on the trip. So many people boarded the train and walked up and down with their heavy luggage that I could barely sleep at night,\" he said. This year, he bought air tickets two weeks ahead of the holiday travel rush. He has been working at the bank for two years and has taken few vacations during that time. Ni said the Spring Festival holiday is significant because it gives him an entire week to spend with family and friends he rarely sees. His journey will comprise four flights in total. He will fly from Beijing to Urumqi, where he will wait for one hour before changing planes and heading to Altay. At the end of his visit, he will repeat the process in the opposite direction. His tickets for the four flights cost 6,000 yuan in total. That's roughly twice the usual fare because airlines raise their prices during the Spring Festival travel period in response to heightened demand. He earns about 8,000 yuan ($1,270) a month, so the air tickets cost about 80 percent of his salary in January. \"I am happy to know that my parents will be waiting for me at the end of my exhausting 10 hour trip,\" Ni said. \"I will be so happy to be home.\" By Xin Wen,Chen Sheping, 48, who works in a clothing factory in Tianjin, spent almost 27 hours getting back to Xiangyang, his hometown in Hubei province, by bus, train and taxi. \"My company rented a bus to transport some employees to Beijing West Railway Station (a journey of about 115 kilometers), so we could board our trains,\" he said. \"So, I arrived in Beijing on Wednesday afternoon and took an express train at midnight. I reached Wuhan, the capital of Hubei, on Thursday afternoon, and then took a bus and a taxi to my home in rural Xiangyang, I finally arrived home at 6 pm on Thursday,\" he said. Chen and his wife lived and worked in Xinjian, a village in Beijing's Daxing district, for about 20 years. However, in November, a fire broke out in their overcrowded apartment building, which housed more than 400 people, that resulted in the deaths of 19 people and eight serious injuries. In response, the authorities launched a 40 day campaign to eradicate safety risks, including fire hazards in crowded buildings which served as dormitories, storage areas and workshops. Chen was among many people classified as working in an unsafe environment, so the company was closed down. He later found a job in Tianjin, but his wife still works in Beijing. \"That's why I bought train tickets from Beijing, not Tianjin. I had to meet my wife first and we traveled back to our hometown together,\" he said. Although they departed during the Spring Festival travel rush, Chen said he had no difficulty buying tickets and there were fewer passengers on the train than in previous years. \"I bought the tickets two weeks in advance, but I noticed that there were still some tickets left on Thursday and there were also some empty seats during the trip,\" he said. \"That would have been impossible in the past.\" Most of the passengers were migrant workers in Beijing, but he didn't know many of them. In previous years, he often came across workmates on the train and they chatted throughout the journey. \"After the fire in Daxing last year, many migrant workers in Beijing moved to Hebei province to look for work,\" he said. Chen's son, who also works in Beijing, graduated from a university in the capital last year. \"I have stayed away from my hometown too long. My parents have both passed away, and my son isn't there either, which means there's little to worry about in my hometown. I wasn't really looking forward to returning this year,\" Chen said. \"Nowadays, I have few feelings about the reality I'm in, or society and the world I see every day. One reason, I think, is that I'm getting older, and the other is that I stopped worrying too much after the fire last year. That was a truly big event that changed many people's lives.\" He now believes the old saying that contentment brings happiness. \"I just hope my family stays healthy and safe next year,\" he said. By Jiang Chenglong,When traveling home for Spring Festival in the past five years, Zhao Xinya has endured extremely crowded rail carriages full of stifling air and horrible smells from the overused toilets. This year, though, the 48-year-old domestic helper has decided to stay in Beijing for the holiday. \"I'm glad I made the decision even though my husband - who lives in Tianshui, my hometown in the west of Gansu province - is not happy about it.\" she said. Having spent most of her life in Tianshui, a small town 1,400 kilometers from Beijing, Zhao came to the capital in 2013 to experience a totally new life in the giant city. \"I think the capital is the best - the people, the environment and everything else,\" she said. \"I didn't expect to stay here such a long time.\" Even though Beijing has broadened her horizons and brought new meaning to her life after spending more than 10 years selling fruit in her hometown, she still faced the difficult journey back to Gansu every Spring Festival. \"First, it's extremely hard to buy a ticket. My husband and my son used to get up before 6 am and sit in front of the computer holding their cellphones to buy a ticket for me as soon as the online booking facility opened. However, all the tickets to my hometown were usually sold in a few minutes. If I was lucky, I got a seat, but most of the time, I just got a standing-room-only ticket,\" she said. \"I had to stand for 18 to 20 hours on the train. The aisles were full of people, and the long lines to use the toilets were so frustrating - not to mention the smell! The train from Beijing to Tianshui runs at night, which meant Zhao spent the hours of darkness awake and standing up. \"Sometimes, I paid an extra 20 yuan ($3.16) to sit in the dining carriage between dinner and breakfast, which was good because I could lean on the table and rest for a few hours,\" she said. \"However, after all my experiences over the years, I think I have had enough.\" Instead of visiting her hometown for Spring Festival, she realized that she didn't have to endure so much for one particular event. Instead, she took a vacation from Dec 15 until Jan 19 and visited her family then. \"I had some time with my husband and son. Now, I will spend our great festival with my client, who needs me here in Beijing,\" she said. Her client is a 90-year-old widower whose wife died five years ago. Since then, he has spent Spring Festival alone. This year, though, Zhao will take him to miaohui, traditional fairs held in parks during the holiday. \"I will cook delicious meals for him to celebrate Spring Festival,\" she said. \"I believe I made a smart choice to avoid the crowds and take better care of him. I'm very much looking forward to my first Lunar New Year in the capital.\" By Du Juan,Yang Hua has worked as a cook in Beijing for 11 years. Though he will travel home to Bozhou, Anhui province, for Spring Festival on Wednesday, his preparations for the journey started more than a month ago. Early in January, he started shopping for gifts; he bought his parents and parents-in-law a pair of shoes eac h, and his 7-year-old daughter will receive a toy dog. \"She wanted a toy dog that could 'speak', but it was too expensive. Instead, I bought a regular stuffed one,\" he said. Yang works in a company canteen, earning about 4,000 yuan ($635) a month. His regular day starts at 6 am and lasts until about 2 pm. The 37-year-old's journey home is never easy because he has to take a \"green\" train - the slowest on China's rail network - which leaves at 11pm and takes nine hours to cover the 750 kilometers between the capital and Bozhou. \"It's tiring. I always try to get a sleeper ticket, but I have never succeeded. Some people play cards during the journey, some watch TV on their phones, while others chat. It's too noisy to sleep, so I always stay awake, feeling dizzy and tired,\" he said, adding that the train is usually so crowded that some passengers sit in the toilet because it's the most spacious place. Though he only managed to get a seat, not a sleeper bunk, he still considers himself lucky because this is the first year he has succeeded in buying a ticket on the first day they became available. \"I am clumsy at operating my phone. Every time I tried to get a ticket, I failed because I'm so slow, so I often had to mobilize friends and colleagues to help. They spent days checking the ticket-booking platform to see if anyone had returned a ticket that I could buy,\" he said. Despite the hassle, he is always determined to go home for Spring Festival. He came to Beijing in 2007 with his wife, but she returned to Bozhou in 2011. Yang stays in regular contact with his family, though. \"I have video calls with my daughter at least four times a week,\" he said. He has been considering going home for good. \"I have paid social security contributions for nine years, so I still need to make payments for at least six more years before I can claim my pension. I have to keep working, so I can get my pension,\" he said. He added that when that happens he plans to open a company that will provide wedding services in his hometown, and he has been making preparations for that. Yang is fascinated by xiangsheng, also known as \"crosstalk\", a form of comedic dialogue, and he spends much of his free time writing and sometimes performing his work in small theaters. He hopes to use his skills to amuse guests at weddings, so he works part time for a company that organizes ceremonies in Beijing, and has also learned flower arranging to further his dream. \"I am too far away from home - I want to be close to my family,\" he said. By Hou Liqiang ", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Graphic designer and artist Zhou Lingzhao, 99, still remembers his best friend in childhood, an indigenous dog his family kept in his native village in Central China's Hunan province. \"The black dog often accompanied me when I went into town,\" said Zhou, a retired professor at Beijing's Central Academy of Fine Arts. \"He protected me from the aggression of wild dogs wandering on a mountain slope.\" A year ago, Zhou was commissioned by China Post to design the postal stamp to celebrate the Year of the Dog on the Chinese lunar calendar, which will begin Feb 26. He recalled the dog, and recreated it on one stamp. And he paired it with another stamp on which he drew a mother dog and a puppy, both of the same indigenous breed which is often referred to as the \" \", or China rural dog.,The two stamps were issued nationwide Friday. Each bears a face price of 1.2 yuan (18.5 US cents). The motif of the stamps highlights canine royalty and a blessing for being safe and sound, said Li Guohua, general manager of China Post. He says it also wishes for a good fortune, as  \u00a1\u00aa the Chinese word for a dog's woof \u00a1\u00aa is pronounced the same as a character meaning prosperity. Annually since 1980, China Post has issued special stamps featuring one Chinese zodiac animal corresponding to a lunar year. The dog for the upcoming Chinese New Year is the 11th in this repeating cycle of 12 animals. China Post has commissioned renowned artists to design the stamps for Chinese New Year, including Han Meilin for the Year of the Rooster in 2017 and Huang Yongyu for the Year of the Monkey in 2016.,Zhou is hailed as a top visual designer of New China. At the age of 30, he and his wife Chen Ruoju crafted the first portrait of late chairman Mao Zedong that was hung on the Tian'anmen Gate, before the inauguration ceremony of the People's Republic of China on Oct 1, 1949. Zhou was also involved in the designs of the national emblem and a former series of Renminbi notes. This is his second time to design New Year stamps for China Post. He previously created another Year of the Dog stamp, in 1982. He drew from decorative patterns and a vibrant palette of Chinese ethnic groups. \"He reduced the decorative elements this time, but he adopts a simple and true-to-life style,\" said daughter Zhou Rong, adding he wants to highlight the physical features and temperament of Chinese indigenous dogs.,The collection of Chinese New Year stamps still enjoys a huge fanbase across the country, though few people today need a stamp for mailing a postcard or letter. In cities such as Beijing and Shanghai, stamp buyers waited in lines outside post offices before opening hours Friday, according to Li. Meanwhile, an exhibition showing Zhou's stamp designs and all New Year stamps that have been issued by China Post is now running at the Museum of National Post and Postage Stamp in Beijing through February.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Qi Baishi's works are on display at the Palace Museum, in a rare show of a modern Chinese artist at the venue, Wang Kaihao reports. While Qi Baishi (1864-1957) is a household name in China, an exhibition of his paintings was last held at the Palace Museum in Beijing, or the Forbidden City, 64 years ago. The museum, which was the seat of the royal court in imperial China from 1420 to 1911, is hosting a show on the modern artist, with some 200 of his paintings and seals exhibited at the Meridian Gate Gallery since last week. The exhibits are both from the museum's own collection and that of the Beijing Fine Art Academy. For the general public, Qi's best-known works are his paintings of shrimps, due to the many legends on how he created them. As a result, many of his paintings of shrimps, crabs and fish are on display at the ongoing exhibition. In 1960,  China's first ink-and-water animation film that was inspired by Qi's other paintings, won praise abroad. \"In his early years, Qi drew shrimps to mostly learn from ancient painters,\" Xue Liang, a researcher with the Beijing Fine Art Academy, says. \"But he later developed a personal style by using shades of dark ink to reflect the texture of a shrimp's body, giving its antennas an almost real-life feel.\" Nevertheless, Qi's works went beyond aquatic life. \"Qi Baishi is the representative artist of Chinese art in the 20th century,\" says Wu Hongliang, deputy director of the Beijing Fine Art Academy.,Be it landscapes, birds, flowers or figures, Qi's paintings are high on expression and detail, Wu says. He is also known for his seal carvings, poems and for setting art school trends. Qi was prolific even in his 70s. In a group of paintings that are now on show, Qi drew some insects in the corners, leaving parts of the images blank. According to Lyu Xiao, another researcher at the Beijing Fine Art Academy, Qi did so because he wanted to fill in the parts later while focusing on the finer details first, before his eyesight became weaker. \"He had planned to fill these spaces with flowers later on, when he thought he wouldn't see as clearly as he did while painting the insects,\" Lyu explains. After New China was founded in 1949, Qi was widely hailed as a \"people's artist\". Wang Yamin, curator of the ongoing exhibition, says: \"He was not only diligent, but also had a taste that was close to the grassroots.\" A native of Xiangtan, Hunan province, Qi used to be a carpenter. He first learned painting from folk artists and later sold paintings for a living in Shanghai and Beijing during the period of great social upheaval in the country. That was also a time when he met some influential painters. Such life experiences made him understand different social strata, rather than catering to only high tastes. Among his other paintings exhibited are flowers with blessings for prosperity, vegetables indicating harvests and farming tools to express his nostalgia for his hometown. \"People love these paintings because they remind us of the mountains and waters in the countryside, and remind us where we come from,\" Wang says.,The words on more than 100 displayed seals at the museum also reflect Qi's introspection of his own life: He started as a carpenter and became a famous artist but kept looking for larger goals, especially as he got older. When many other Chinese artists retreated from social life at an old age, Qi wanted to take on more social responsibilities. In his painting,   (prosperity in tranquility), which is a source of the exhibition title, an old man is seen holding a vase, with a fruit bat hovering over him. The vase symbolizes \"peace\" in Chinese culture and the bat \"happiness\", following the Mandarin pronunciations of the words. \"That painting reveals he expected a stable and harmonious life,\" Wu says. \"That's a common Chinese person's wish, too.\" After World War II had ended, Qi also called for global peace. \"Actually, his art echoes a modernist trend in the world at the time. Yet he expressed it in a typically Chinese way,\" Wu explains. The pigeon is another common theme in Qi's art during his later years, showing his wish for world peace, just as Pablo Picasso did. In 1956, the World Peace Council bestowed the International Peace Prize on then-nonagenarian Qi.,In his message to the awards ceremony, Qi said: \"I love my hometown, the beautiful and prosperous lands of my country and all lives there. I've spent my lifetime integrating the ordinary Chinese people's emotions into my paintings and poems. In recent years, I have realized that what I pursue is world peace.\" In the past, many people focused on Qi's paintings because of their high values at auction, Shan Jixiang, director of the Palace Museum, says. \"We want to show his spirit and cultural significance through this exhibition, especially at a time when mutual learning and coexistence of different civilizations are advocated.\" Though the Palace Museum is dedicated to housing ancient art, it also has about 6,000 pieces of modern art, including 400 of Qi's works, most of which have rarely been exhibited before. Earlier this year, the museum held an exhibition for Wu Changshuo's (1844-1927) work, with one calligraphy piece promoting Qi's paintings as a highlight. Still, the museum needs more space to hold exhibitions for eminent individual modern Chinese artists. Shan, the director, reveals that a new branch gallery of the museum will soon be established near the Forbidden City, which will be used entirely to display modern art.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "DALIAN - 2017 Summer Davos closed its annual meeting on Thursday in northeast China's coastal city of Dalian, highlighting technological innovation and inclusive growth for sustainable development.  During the three-day Meeting of the New Champions 2017, more than 2,000 participants including officials and entrepreneurs from over 90 countries and regions shared their insights on economic globalization challenges, the sharing economy and new technology.  The meeting was themed \"Achieving Inclusive Growth in the Fourth Industrial Revolution.\" Attendees tried to find ways to achieve a more inclusive style of growth that prioritizes meaningful job creation and sustainable development.  China will increase access to the service and manufacturing sectors, relax restrictions on foreign ownership, and treat Chinese and foreign companies on an equal basis, said Premier Li Keqiang at the opening ceremony of the forum on Tuesday.  \"We will further ease market access in service and manufacturing sectors, relax foreign equity caps in some areas of interest, advance and improve the negative-list regulation model. Domestic and foreign companies are treated equally in the application of supportive policies,\" he said.  The meeting highlighted China's economy.  \"China's growth is an incredible contribution to the global economy,\" said Klaus Schwab, the World Economic Forum (WEF) founder and executive chairman.  China has been a major stabilizer and driving force for the world economy, contributing more than 30 percent of recent growth. Its GDP in Q1 grew 6.9 percent year on year from the same period in 2016.  Li Daokui, an economist with Beijing-based Tsinghua University, is optimistic, predicting growth will accelerate next year with rising private investment and improved government efficiency.  \"It is forecast the growth speed (of China's economy) this year will be the same as last year. In 2018, the economy will begin to go upward, largely due to rising private investment,\" said Li.  According to Sun Pishu, chairman of China's cloud computing and big data provider Inspur Group, the country's supply-side structural reform has delivered success.  \"Profound changes have taken place in China's economic structure, with growth engines shifting to innovation and investment becoming steadier,\" said Sun.  Established by the World Economic Forum in 2007, the Summer Davos forum is held annually in China, and alternate between the port cities of Dalian and Tianjin. ", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "On Jan 16, the modern dance drama   was staged at the Jerusalem Theater, kicking off this year's Happy Chinese New Year celebrations in Israel, which have been held for seven years in the country. co-choreographed by the Beijing 9 Contemporary Dance Theater, Israel SOL Dance Company and Silk Road International Performing Arts Alliance, was specially created in memory of the 25th anniversary of the establishment of Sino-Israeli diplomatic relations. The show was inspired by the Wailing Wall in Jerusalem and Chinese ancient city walls, both symbolizing solidarity in each culture. The artistic representation of the two typical cultural images resonated well with viewers from both cultures. In August the drama made its debut at the 2017 New Dance International Arts Festival in Beijing and in September. It was performed at the 4th Silk Road International Arts Festival in Xi'an, capital of Northwest China's Shaanxi province, attracting glowing reviews from Chinese artists and audiences. This year, at the invitation of the Israeli side, the   dancers took the show on the road to some of Israel's major cities, including Tel Aviv and Jerusalem. Happy Chinese New Year is a worldwide activity for celebrating the Chinese Lunar New Year, hosted by China's Ministry of Culture and other Chinese authorities since 2009. It seeks to provide a global platform that is joyful, harmonious and accessible to all, to encourage people across the world to celebrate the Chinese Lunar New Year, experience the profound yet interesting Chinese culture and understand the huge achievements China has made. This year, over 2,100 cultural activities will be held in over 400 cities across more than 140 countries and regions worldwide.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Total soybean exports from the United States to China would decline by at least 20 percent for the 2017-18 marketing year, compared to a historic record of 36 million metric tons in the last marketing year, if the trade dispute between China and US cannot be solved in a timely manner. Zhang Xiaoping, country director for China at the US Soybean Export Council, said current trade tensions have already pushed Chinese importers to turn elsewhere for soybean supplies, although US soybeans are competitive in both price and quality. \"US farmers believe the right strategy to solve trade imbalances should be to further expand trade instead of restrictive measures such as punitive tariffs. So they have been making an effort to support all policies aimed at expanding trade,\" he said. As the US is expected to increase its sales of soybean and soy products to other markets, total US soybean exports for this year would decrease only by 5 percent, according to the USSEC. \"Because soybean trade between China and the US has been beneficial to Chinese crushers, feed millers, animal producers and US farmers, any trade restrictions will damage the industries in both countries. We don't think it reasonable or worthwhile for any policies to hurt ones' own interests,\" Zhang said. He added soybean trade between the two countries will be further expanded in the long run, and expanding soy trade can effectively help solve the trade imbalance issue in the short term. \"We hope the two countries will realize the importance of soybean trade to both economies and find the solution to the current trade dispute.\" China has other options to seek new soybean sellers from other markets such as Brazil and Argentina, although the US has some advantages when it comes to price and sophisticated distribution systems for delivery. \"US soybeans are of decent quality in terms of digestible amino acids for better animal feed, which makes the US a competitive supplier of soybeans,\" said Li Hanping, a professor at Shenyang Agricultural University in Liaoning province. Soybeans are grown in 29 states in the US, where about 55 percent of its soybean product is exported. Chinese farmers currently plant non-genetically modified varieties, and their per-hectare production is around half that of the genetically modified ones grown in the US, Brazil and Argentina. It is difficult to increase China's soybean output within a short period, because farmers in the Northeast cannot get more land or convert land grown for other yields such as corn and rice. \"With rising farming equipment prices and limited arable land, the cost of raising domestic output is fairly high,\" said Ding Lixin, a researcher at the Chinese Academy of Agricultural Sciences in Beijing.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "The United States' unilateral actions under the Section 301 Investigation have violated the World Trade Organization's fundamental principles of multilateralism, an expert said on Saturday. Xiao Jin, partner at King & Wood Mallesons, a Beijing-headquartered multinational law firm, said that the measures taken by the US will lead to a situation where normal trade disputes are solved by unilateral actions rather than multilateral procedures. \"The US unilateral actions will disrupt the multilateral trading system and increase the uncertainty in the global trading environment. It should be condemned by the international community,\" he added. According to Xiao, the US unilateral actions under its domestic Section 301 Investigation violate WTO's rules and principles in three aspects. First, it is a violation of the most-favored-nation treatment principle, as the US announced additional tariffs targeting only China but not any other countries. Second, the announced 25 percent tariffs on Chinese imports exceed the maximum rates the US committed to under the WTO. Third, under the exclusive jurisdiction of the WTO dispute settlement system, any attempt to seek redress must be made in the institutional framework of the WTO only. The WTO rules do not permit the US to unilaterally claim China violates its WTO obligations and impose additional tariffs. Xiao said that the US has been vetoing the appointment of new members to the WTO's Appellate Body since last year, which will destroy the dispute settlement mechanism in the near future and will damage the multilateral dispute settlement mechanism. The statistics offered by Xiao show that there have been 137 cases against the US at the WTO, accounting for about a quarter of the total cases handled by the WTO. Of the 80 cases for which the WTO has issued rulings, the US lost 69 of them, being held to have violated the WTO rules. This number is far more than that of China. \"The Chinese government has always firmly defended the multilateral system,\" Xiao added. \"China will always seek redress via WTO procedures for solving trade disputes. This time, China was forced to take some defensive actions to fight against the US's additional tariffs. At the same time, China also has requested consultations with the US under the WTO over those additional tariffs imposed as a result of the Section 301 Investigation. This again shows China's position in supporting the WTO and safeguarding the multilateral system.\"", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Beijing's largest clothes wholesale market, located in the Xicheng district, will be transformed into the capital's financial technology and service zone, a sector of new growth for the city's industrial development in 2020, according to a plan released by the government on Saturday. About 13,000 clothes shops at the wholesale market were asked to move out by the end of this year. The government will introduce financial technology, security and risk management service providers into the zone. It will also encourage large-scale financial institutions and internet companies to set up offices in the zone to form an whole industrial chain, supported by policies such as rent cuts.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "A student from Saudi Arabia has filed a lawsuit against Chinese bike-sharing operator Ofo and internet company Baidu saying they used his image without permission, Beijing's Haidian District People's Court said on Monday. The student said Beijing Bikelock Technology Co, which runs Ofo, used his portrait without permission in advertisements and on its page on Baidu's online encyclopedia Baike. He has filed a lawsuit against the two companies, the court said. The student demanded the two companies delete the photos immediately and issue an open letter of apology in a national newspaper. The student, who arrived in China to study in 2011, also asked for compensation of 300,000 yuan ($46,800), the court said. Ofo said in a statement on Monday it had not been notified of the case by the court. The student said a friend playing an online game had seen an Ofo advertisement pop up that used his portrait to promote its shared bikes and had told him about it. The student said he searched online and found his portrait on Ofo's page on Baike, as well as on Beijing Bikelock Technology's website, which used his foreign identity to publicize and promote its overseas strategy and highlight its global nature. The student said his friends thought he had earned money from doing a commercial for Ofo, but he did not know about it. International students from Saudi Arabia are not allowed to work and portraits of Saudi Arabian students used in commercials need to be approved by the country's embassy. If not, he said, he could be penalized. The student said Beijing Bikelock Technology used his portrait without his consent for commercial interests, and Baidu did not fulfill its obligation to review the content on Baike. Zhu Wei, deputy director of the Communication Law Research Center at China University of Political Science and Law, said that according to the Civil Law, it is a clear case of infringement of image rights if Ofo used the student's portrait for commercial purposes, and Ofo would need to pay compensation to the student and face other penalties. Baidu Baike, as an information service provider, would not face any penalties if it deleted the photo as the student demanded, Zhu added.", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "BEIJING -- Grassroots governments in Beijing are now required to conduct weekly home visits to elderly residents who live in their own homes. The municipal civil affairs department said that those aged over 80 who live alone should be prioritized, as well as those caring for disabled dependents. Home visits should be provided for at least 50,000 senior citizens this year, it said. Beijing has 3.5 million residents aged over 60, and 9.8 percent of them are living alone. Li Hongbing, deputy director of the department, said that the home visits will help address to the needs of the elderly and provide information on their health conditions. The visits should be done by the subdistrict offices, township governments, or elderly care organizations entrusted by them, Li said. The city government has taken a series of additional measures to improve the at-home care of its senior citizens, including funding the installation of safety facilities, such as handrails, elevators big enough for wheelchairs and emergency call devices, as the city currently does not have sufficient nursing homes to meet the needs of its aging population.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Some 25 children's theater companies from across the country will bring more than 50 shows to the audiences in Beijing this summer. The children's theater carnival, organized by Beijing Municipal Bureau of Culture to promote literature and theater works for children, will take place in June, July and August. The performances involve original dramas that reflect reality, while others are adapted from traditional fairy tales. Different types of performances will also take place, such as children's plays, concerts, musical dramas, puppet shows, magic shows, etc., with a view to inspiring children artistically in different ways. For example, the physical drama,   is designed to educate the audience about the sea through watching the body language of the three actors and a bandsman.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "China's capital Beijing will complete the main construction of two forests with a total area of 35,000 square meters by the end of this August at core locations in the city, said the Beijing Gardening and Greening Bureau on Monday. The two forests, one in the north axis and the other in the south axis, started construction on Saturday. According to the bureau, Beijing will build new forests with an overall area of 167 square kilometers this year. It's expected that 60 percent of the target will be finished planting during the first half of this year. In addition, the authority will build forests of 7,800 hectares around the Beijing Daxing International Airport which is under construction at present, and along the expressway to the new airport, which will create an experience of \"driving to the airport though the forest\".", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "A winter sports camp took place in Beijing\u00a1\u00afs Shunyi district on Monday, attracting many local parents and children to join in. The winter camp was regarded as one of the warmup activities for the 2022 Winter Olympic Games. The district\u00a1\u00afs tourism commission, the organizer, said children attended lectures about reptiles like lizards and enjoyed sledding on the snow. \u00a1\u00b0My two children had great fun during the one-day event -- it was excellent,\u00a1\u00b1 said Feng Bing, a parent who participated in the camp. \u00a1\u00b0Children could gain knowledge and get physical exercise as well.\u00a1\u00b1", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Beijing's transportation commission released a new regulation on Wednesday barring passengers from eating or drinking on the subway in a move intended to create a more comfortable space for travelers. Uncivilized behavior, such as selling products or playing loud music, are also banned under the regulation. Violations will be included in the passenger's credit record, and the person could be forbidden from taking the subway in the future, the commission said. The commission also assigned special inspectors and supervisors to identify improper behavior on subway trains. Prohibitions against smoking electronic cigarettes and using counterfeit tickets were also added to the rules. Liu Daizong, China transport program director at the World Resources Institute, applauded the new measure and said that as an enclosed space, a subway car will be filled with odors if passengers are allowed to have food. \"These smells easily cause disputes between passengers, but there was no basis for law enforcement officers to get involved before,\" he said. In January, a woman surnamed Wang sparked heated discussion online after she was filmed eating snacks and spitting out the food debris onto the floor of a car on Beijing's Line 13. She was later found by netizens to be the same woman previously filmed eating chicken claws and spitting out bones in a Shanghai subway car. Netizens had dubbed her \"chicken feet lady\". Other passengers asked Wang to clean up her mess but she refused, leaving the food packages in the subway car when she got off. She was later detained by police in Beijing on suspicion of disrupting public transport. Liu, who is also a member of the expert committee of the Beijing transport commission, said eating food on subways has become widespread worldwide, especially in big cities, as people commute to work. Cities like Singapore, Nanjing and Xiamen have already banned drinking and eating on the subway, which provides a much cleaner environment for travelers, he said. Beijing, as an international metropolis, needs to catch up and provide a more civilized public space for commuters. But some passengers in Beijing questioned the strictness of the new regulation. Han Yanni, a 26-year-old white collar worker in the finance industry in Beijing, said drinking water and nibbling bread is her daily routine on the subway, especially in the morning rush. \"Except for onions or sunflower seeds, I can put up with most of the eating behaviors,\" she said. \"Especially if they take a garbage bag for their trash.\"", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "In the morning of June 19, 2019, the Beijing Normal University Internet Institute was inaugurated and the China Internet Corporate Social Responsibility Summit was held in Beijing. As a tribute to the 25th anniversary of China's accessing the internet, the institute released the \"2019 Research Report on Corporate Social Responsibility of Chinese Internet Enterprises (I)\". Eight industries including e-commerce, social networking, video, transportation, car service, healthcare, tourism and online gaming were selected in the report to go through a screening and studying process on 110 analysis objects reflecting social value, product and service responsibility, entrepreneur responsibility, responsibility management and public welfare, as well as negative impacts. The report found that: 1. Alibaba (Taobao, T-mall) in e-commerce and Tencent (WeChat, QQ) in social networking both scored 65.40, ranking first in their industries; 2. In other six industries, Kuaishou of video (55.58), Meituan Dache of transportation (47.51), Tuhu of car service (51.04), WeDoctor of healthcare (60.78), Ctrip of tourism (60.19) and 37 Interactive Entertainment of network gaming (49.40) came out first in their respective industries. 3. On the whole, there is a big difference in social responsibility indexes for the eight industries. Healthcare has the best overall performance (average score: 50.54), while the average scores of network gaming, video and transportation are respectively 42.95, 42.75 and 38.14. 4. On product/service responsibility, video performs well (average score: 69.95), while tourism scores comparatively poorly (average score: 62.82). 5. On entrepreneur responsibility, healthcare and tourism performed best (74-point average), while transportation did badly (55-point average). 6. On public welfare, tourism and e-commerce had a good showing. 7. On social value, network gaming scored significantly lower than the other 7 industries. 8. Judging from public opinion, there is still some room for improvement between the performances of various industries and the expectations of the public. 9. Overall, the Internet Corporate Social Responsibility Management System needs to be further improved. Further research will be made by the institute in a variety of areas to reflect overall performance in corporate social responsibility by Chinese internet companies. With efforts like these, Chinese internet companies will be more conscious of CSR and be better enabled to carry it out, which will help promote the healthy and orderly development of the internet and meet people's demand for a better life in the information age. BNU Internet Institute, a non-profit academic research institution directly under Beijing Normal University, is a policy-based cross-disciplinary high-end think tank. The institute has centers for network communication, digital economy and industrial policy, internet corporate social responsibility, network rule of law, network information technology innovation, network security policy, international governance of cyberspace and network ethics and civilization. The institute will focus on the development of the global internet, meet major strategic needs of the country, uphold an objective, independent and fair academic stance, carry out research on internet development and governance, strengthen international exchanges and cooperation in cyberspace and make the internet better benefit mankind and society.", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "BISHKEK -- Beijing and Bishkek agreed that the Belt and Road Initiative (BRI), through implementation of major projects, is of key significance to bilateral ties and regional cooperation, according to a joint statement issued by the two sides on Thursday. The statement on further deepening the China-Kyrgyzstan comprehensive strategic partnership was released as President Xi Jinping is paying a state visit to the Central Asian country, where he will also attend the 19th Shanghai Cooperation Organization summit. The two sides noted that there is great potential for cooperation to dock the China-proposed BRI with Kyrgyzstan's National Development Strategy 2018-2040, adding that they will look for more overlapping interests and realize common development based on the principle of mutual benefits and win-win outcomes, according to the statement. Both China and Kyrgyzstan spoke highly of the Second Belt and Road Forum for International Cooperation held in Beijing in April, and are willing to follow the agreement reached during the forum to promote high-quality development of the BRI, said the statement, adding that the Kyrgyz side believes the notion of building a community with a shared future for mankind is of epoch-making importance. The two sides pledged to explore potential for cooperation, further expand trade, and optimize trade structure and procedures within the framework of the inter-governmental commission on trade and economic cooperation, so as to boost a balanced growth of bilateral trade. They also agreed to promote the exchanges between the enterprises of the two nations on such platforms as the China International Import Expo and the China-Eurasia Expo. On transportation cooperation, the two countries agreed to step up cross-border and transit transportation capacity, and fully tap the potential of the transportation capabilities of the highways in China, Kyrgyzstan and Uzbekistan so as to create sound conditions for bilateral and regional economic and trade development. They also agreed to keep communicating with each other on pushing forward the project of the China-Kyrgyzstan-Uzbekistan railway. To boost bilateral agriculture cooperation, the two countries, said the statement, agreed to set up a cooperation platform, and expand cooperation in technology demonstration, veterinarian, animal quarantine, agricultural machinery and training, adding that they encourage the companies of the two countries to conduct cooperation in areas like seed breeding, agricultural product processing and water saving technology. The Chinese side welcomes more quality and green agricultural exports from Kyrgyzstan, and is willing to work with the country on the related issues concerning access. As for cooperation in investment and finance, the two sides agreed to forge ahead with bilateral cooperation in settlement in local currencies, set up task forces on investment and industries within the framework of the inter-governmental trade and economic cooperation commission, encourage their respective firms to invest in the other country, and improve investment environment. They also vowed to protect legitimate rights of citizens and legal persons of the other country in their respective borders with concrete measures based on their laws and bilateral treaties, said the statement. Also in the statement, the two sides pledged to strengthen cooperation at local levels, as well as in such areas as commerce and tourism, noting that they will consider taking further measures on visa facilitation.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "The 2018 Sino-Foreign Audiovisual Translation and Dubbing Cooperation Workshop-Beijing (SFATD) ended on April 21 at Beijing Language and Culture University. The ceremony also announced and gave awards to new members joining the Chinese Culture Translation and Studies Support Network (CCTSS). The workshop, held annually since 2015, is aimed at helping world experts and translators who love Chinese films and dramas to find and translate works from China. It's sponsored by the Ministry of Culture and Tourism, and the State Administration of Radio and Television, co-hosted by the Communication University of China and CCTSS, and supported by the Organizing Committee of the Beijing International Film Festival. Over the past years, the workshop has invited more than 200 experts from more than 60 countries and regions, involving more than 140 domestic and foreign film and television organizations. Through their joint efforts, more than 800 Chinese works have received recognition and became popular on the international scene. Jiang Haoshu, director of the Communication Department of the Bureau for External Cultural Relations, Ministry of Culture and Tourism, said she hopes the workshop will help promote cooperation among all parties regarding funding and at the governmental level.,\u00a1\u00b0Cooperation in audiovisual translation and dubbing is indispensable in promoting communication and collaboration among different cultures,\u00a1\u00b1 she said. Han Jihai, senior consultant at CCTSS, said he hopes CCTSS and the workshop can continually serve audiovisual translators and communicators in finding, translating and introducing Chinese works. Deanna Gao, chairwoman of the Paris Chinese Film Festival, introduced the origins of the workshop and shared her experience in audiovisual translation and the technical issues she encountered. She said the value of the workshop lies in translating languages in film and TV productions as cultural symbols that are easier to understand among foreign audiences. \"It's crucial that [translators] should provide as much cultural connotations as possible to their foreign audiences in translation,\" she said.,During the workshop, the heads of Egypt Global Times Corporation, Australia SBS Television, the Zanzibar International Film Festival in Tanzania, the China-Canada Film Festival and other agencies also announced their cooperative projects with China. Since the first Sino-Foreign Audiovisual Translation and Dubbing Cooperation Workshop was held in 2015, a batch of Chinese film and television productions have been translated for audiences in countries that include Mongolia, Kazakhstan, and India, and in East Africa. While the Beijing session is over, the second session of this year's workshop will be held in Shanghai in June.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Reports that a company in Nanyang, Henan province, had produced a car that can run on water sparked confusion and disbelief, with one engineering professor declaring the feat impossible.  The producer of the vehicle, China Youngman Automobile Group Co, was quoted as saying the engine can convert water into hydrogen, which in turn generates electricity to drive the vehicle, but it didn't reveal the exact process involved. \"It is not a theory,\" Pang Qingnian, the company's chairman, told Xinhua News Agency last week. \"We actually produced the car and it is running. We want to launch it to the market next year. This is our goal.\" The vehicle was the first prototype to apply the hydrogen generation technology and needs further improvement before being put into mass production, according to the administrative committee of Nanyang's high-tech zone, where China Youngman is located. After taking a test ride, the city's Party chief, Zhang Wenshen, called it \"very good\" in a news report on Thursday. The administrative committee said the project, which was approved by the Ministry of Science and Technology in 2010, produced technology that has been patented and is supported by Hubei University of Technology. But media reports about the \"water-fueled\" vehicle soon sparked skepticism online, as scientists and industry experts said that simply turning water into hydrogen, even with the help of catalysts, contradicted the law of conservation of energy in physics and chemistry. \"Converting pure water into hydrogen as fuel is as impossible as turning water into oil,\" Sun Baigang, a professor at Beijing Institute of Technology's School of Mechanical Engineering, told The Beijing News. He said making hydrogen out of water can only be achieved by adding other chemicals, including methanol, sodium borohydride, magnesium or aluminum powder. These are all existing technologies and are not considered new in the industry, he said. Staff members at the local industry and information technology bureau told The Beijing News on Friday that the initial report released inaccurate information that led to misunderstanding. The project was still under development and had not been put into production or approved by industrial authorities. According to the committee, the project has been under development by a team from Hubei University of Technology since 2006. The team started cooperating with the company two years ago to commercialize their scientific results. Dong Shijie, the project leader from the university, said the technology was misinterpreted and is not the same thing as a \"water-fueled engine\". \"Water is just a reactant. The core technology lies in the equipment, materials that produce hydrogen and the control systems. It is purely a misunderstanding that the vehicle only runs on water,\" he said. Liu Zhongmin, director of the Dalian Institute of Chemical Physics, a subsidiary of Chinese Academy of Sciences, said, \"The media report only emphasized the role of water but failed to give a full explanation. It is incomplete and misleading to simply introduce the concept of water.\" Liu said if the technological process applied in the vehicle used aluminum, which reacts with water to make hydrogen, as explained by the committee, before generating power, then the principle seems more reasonable. He said the science behind hydrogen-fueled vehicles has already been done, but the actual cost and how to ensure safe use of hydrogen-considering its flammable and explosive nature-remains a big challenge to the future marketing of the product. Shi Baoyin contributed to this story.", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "Embroidery is a smart way to let a common outfit tell a story or signal status. In ancient China, royals, especially emperors, used special embroidery to show their status. Thus, taboos developed. For instance, a dragon with five claws was an exclusive pattern only for the emperor. If anyone dare use such embroidery on his or her clothes, it would result in that person's death. Different animals were embroidered on the robes to mark two main groups of officers: civil and military. Animals on the former's vestments were often birds, while the latter had beasts.,The requirement of the royals let Beijing embroidery blossom in the Ming and Qing dynasties (1368-1911) since it was born in the Tang Dynasty (618-907). And it got another name, royal embroidery, in ancient China's last dynasty. At the time, Beijing embroidery was followed by many common workshops, becoming one of the \"Eight Wonders of Yanjing\", along with other seven first-rate craftsmanship in Beijing.,Compared to other traditional embroideries, such as the works from Suzhou and Hunan, Beijing embroidery is known for its rich hued colors, descent patterns and luxury decorations. Not only gold and silver yarn, but genuine jewelry was widely used in the latter group. In 2014, the crafts were listed as a national intangible cultural heritage, and carried forward both inheritors and modern designers. One is D.Rita, a brand specialized in making couture designs with Chinese embroideries.,The founder, Yu Dan, brought her works, a series of fine clothes dazzling with Beijing embroidery to a show at the Prince Kung's Mansion on June 8. The models, from toddlers to young women to aged couples, wore clothes that combined modern designs and Beijing embroidery. Yu wants the traditional crafts to return to people's daily life in forms of modern design, rather than just being a silent heritage living in records.,The designer added light hues in the series, including pale blue and light pink, to make the clothes more suitable for daily wear. \"Based on the traditional crafts, we also create some new patterns, such as flowers. In the past, lily flower was not included, but now we use it on many of our clothes,\" Yu told China Daily Website at the show. Considering old-fashioned taboos, Yu said her brand had clothes with patterns that were only for emperors. Yet some of her clients declined such designs.,\"These clients don't think they have enough confidence to wear such clothes with powerful animal pattern,\" Yu said. Out of the love for traditional Chinese culture, Yu established the brand in 2013 and opened her first store in Beijing one year later.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "  Sept 21 - 7:30 pm  Beijing Workers' Gymnasium Kesha Rose Sebert is an American singer, songwriter, rapper and actress. In 2005, at age 18, Kesha was signed to Kemosabe Records. Her first major success came in early 2009 after she was featured on American rapper Flo Rida's number-one single \"Right Round\". Kesha's music and image propelled her to immediate success, with her debut album Animal premiering at the top of the charts in several countries in 2009 and 2010. She achieved 3 more number-one singles, \"Tik Tok\" and \"We R Who We R\" as a solo artist, and \"Timber\" as a featured artist. Since 2013, Kesha has been in legal dispute with her former producer Dr. Luke, in which a series of lawsuits, known collectively as Kesha v. Dr. Luke, were exchanged between the two parties. Kesha accused him of physical, sexual, and emotional abuse and employment discrimination against her, while Dr. Luke claims breach of contract and defamation by Kesha. During this period, the singer only released one single. She returned to music in 2017 with the release of her third studio album, Rainbow, and its lead single \"Praying\". To promote Rainbow, Kesha has embarked on the Rainbow Tour, which began on Sept 26, 2017 in Birmingham, visiting North America, Europe, Oceania and Asia. Shanghai Comic Convention 2018  Oct 26-28 - 9:30 am  Shanghai International Sourcing Convention and Exhibition Center Shanghai Comic Convention is a pop culture brand launched in 2015 in China by ReedPOP, the world's leading producer of pop culture events. This is a trendsetting exhibition that offers fans new experiences that they will have never had before. They will try their hardest to bring massive amounts of fun and excitement to the lives of our audience by creating content and experiences that are original, exciting, memorable and exceptionally awesome. They combine a variety of fan favorite mainstream elements (anime, films, games, toys, stars, artists, cosplay, etc.) and showcase them in Shanghai. They are of the belief that every great city should have a Comic Con. ReedPOP is the world's leading producer of pop culture events. Each year, ReedPOP hosts events on a variety of themes, such as Star Wars Celebration and the most popular PAX game show in North America. Events run by ReedPOP cover and amalgamate all aspects of popular culture.  Nov 1-4 - 7:30 pm  Beijing Tianqiao Performing Arts Center Based on real-life events back in the roaring 1920s, nightclub singer Roxie Hart shoots her lover and along with Cell Block rival, double-murderess Velma Kelly, they fight to keep from death row with the help of smooth talking lawyer, Billy Flynn. Created by the musical theater talents of John Kander, Fred Ebb and legendary choreographer Bob Fosse, Chicago's sexy, sassy score includes \"All That Jazz\" and \"Razzle Dazzle\". With six Tony, two Olivier, one Grammy, two Bafta and six Academy Awards, Chicago truly is \"The sharpest, slickest show on the block\". A nightclub singer, a double-murderess, a smooth-talking lawyer and a cell block of sin: it would be a crime to miss it. But the hottest place to experience it is on Broadway. There's always someone fabulous center stage. Whether you're looking for your first Broadway musical ... whether you've seen the Academy Award-winning film and want to experience the show live on stage ... or whether you've seen it before and want to recapture the magic, Chicago always delivers. Chicago is a classic. It's the show you can always count on to give you the thrills and memories that only come from seeing a Broadway musical., Sept 6-8 - 7:30 pm  National Centre for the Performing Arts Dr Stockmann discovers that the source of drinking and spa water is riddled with pathogenic microorganisms, caused by industrial effluence. Stockmann wants to publish the findings in the newspaper and demands that the city council reroute the water pipes. However, his brother Peter, the councilor of the city, raises some serious concerns: the economic prosperity of the spa town will be threatened. Suddenly the support for Stockmann from the town's policymakers begins to wane. They spread seeds of doubt about his plans and try to cover up the fact of the contaminated water. But Stockmann insists on transparency. In an all-important speech, he hopes to win the town over to his way of thinking. For him, the affair has long since ceased to be about the polluted health spa, his target is society as a whole. Ibsen's drama wavers on a fine line between honesty and fanaticism. What is the potential for transparency in a commercialized society?  Sept 26-Oct 5 - 7:30 pm  Beijing Polly Theater Creators and co-directors Luke Cresswell and Steve McNicholas have created a theatrical experience - playful, thrilling and charged with energy. Stomp, a unique combination of percussion, action and comedy, has hammered out a universal theatrical language of rhythm, movement, comedy and dance, bringing everyday objects like Zippo lighters, plastic bags, bin lids - even the kitchen sink - to life along the way. This Broadway musical shows the globe that even the most ordinary objects can do extraordinary things when put in the right hands. The show is the result of a 10-year collaboration between its creators.  Sept 15-20 - 7:45 pm  Jing'an Sports Center, Shanghai Come and witness an instrumental and visual masterpiece filled with the musical stories of the Chinese Flute's history. This musical stage epic shatters the boundaries of 21st Century music by narrating the unique history of traditional Chinese music without uttering a single word. Giving a brief yet stirring account of the Chinese flute's artistry throughout history, this production eloquently paints the picture of China's musical culture from cradle to its zenith. The defining composition performed in a state of the art multimedia theater showcases eight thousand years worth of musical culture, from the bone flute to the classic bamboo flute, a transformation that created a whole new world of Asian music. Tang Jun Qiao, the world-renowned Chinese flutist, leads the enlightening musical journey as concert audiences enter a magical cross-over performance of traditional music and the most advanced holographic multimedia in the world. Experience the magic of the truly must-see production: Heavenly Tune of Chinese Flute.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "An abandoned industrial park in western Beijing will be turned into a venue for hosting sports and cultural events as part of the Beijing 2022 Winter Olympics, a plan published on Wednesday said. Shougang Industrial Park, covering an area of 22.3 square kilometers, is a former steel plant that was vacated by State-owned Shougang Group when it moved to Caofeidian, Hebei province, in 2010. The Beijing city government, in coordination with some of the city's districts and bureaus, including the city's development and reform commission, produced the three-year action plan that will turn the area into a world-class city rejuvenation landmark by 2021. \"We will adopt the principle of preserving the original appearance of the park and fully use the existing facilities,\" said Hong Jiyuan, deputy director of the commission. He said it's important to reuse the industrial site, which will host the big-air snowboarding competition and related leisure activities in 2022. Big-air snowboarding is a new Winter Olympics event that involves snowboarders hurling themselves off a snow ramp in aerial stunts including complex flips and spins before landing on a slope. Along with preparing for Beijing 2022, the venue aims to host high-level athletic training and sports-related startups after the Games as part of the city's Olympic legacy, said Wang Shizhong, vice-president of Shougang Group. A bridge will be built across the Yongding River - which runs through the former steel mill in the capital's Shijingshan district - to better connect the suburb with downtown and build up a special Olympic community. The bridge is expected to be completed by September, concurrent with the park's opening, Wang said. A skywalk park, about 10 kilometers long, will be the main feature, he said. Four times longer than New York's High Line park, it is designed to be the world's longest park corridor. The project will restore the steel mill's original appearance, including lakes, according to the plan. Planning and design of the park will be green and intelligent to help rejuvenate the community, said Shi Weiliang, chief planner of the Beijing Municipal Commission of Planning and Natural Resources. An eco-friendly demonstration area will be built within the park, and the first 5G network technology system in the capital will be established there, he said. Three transport lines will also be built to cover 98 percent of the park's area, Shi added. This month, central authorities stressed the need to stay committed to hosting the 2022 Winter Olympics in a green, sharing, open and clean manner, and said advanced technological approaches should be used in the planning and construction of venues and infrastructure. Starbucks and the InterContinental Hotel company will set up operations in the park to improve its service facilities.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "  Didi Chuxing, China's largest ride-sharing startup, has launched a time-of-use pricing system in Beijing to encourage people to shift their travel from peak to off-peak periods, Chinese media reported. Car users will need to pay mileage and time fees. Starting from April 10, people ordering conventional cars through Didi's platform will be charged 1.6 yuan (about $0.23) per kilometer as a mileage fee. The time fee will be charged according to different periods. During the morning and evening rush hours it will be 0.8 yuan per minute, and from 9 pm to 6 am it will increase to one yuan per minute, the company said. In addition, the initial price and mileage fee have been adjusted to encourage long distance travel. The initial price of using a car through Didi's platform has been increased to 13 yuan from 10 yuan, and the mileage fee during normal times decreased from 0.2 yuan to 0.5 yuan per minute, the company said. Didi Chuxing's recent big data analysis showed that it was easier for people to get a car in Beijing between 10 am and 5 pm, with an average success rate of 83.2 percent, compared with between 9 pm and 11 pm, when only about half of orders could find cars. Many drivers had finished their workday by then, but demand for car use did not show an obvious decrease during this time, which caused a supply shortage. Didi also encouraged people to share cars during their travels and gave a 38 percent discount for car-sharing orders, the company said.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "  Sun Xiaofang, a 25-year-old pregnant math teacher at a school in Beijing, remembers one particular middle school biology class clearly.  Her teacher glossed over the basic anatomical and physiological differences between males and females in a textbook in less than 20 minutes, telling the students to \"read it by yourselves after class\".  \"Girls flipped over those pages and blushed, and all the boys kept silent,\" Sun said. \"The atmosphere in the classroom was one of embarrassment and hilarity.\"  That 20-minute lesson accounted for the entire formal sex education she received, an all too familiar experience for young Chinese. Talking directly about sex is often deemed difficult by parents.  \"It is too late for students to receive sex education after they enter adolescence,\" said Pan Suiming, director of the Renmin University of China's Institute of Sexuality and Gender.      Talking about sex remains taboo in Chinese culture. Some experts consider a lack of proper sex education, particularly in schools, as one of the factors leading to serious health problems in China, such as the growing numbers of HIV infections and staggeringly high abortion rates.  Zhang Yinjun, director of the AIDS Prevention Education Project for Chinese Youth, said that HIV is now growing fastest among Chinese adolescents, and more than 90 percent of infections occur through sexual relations.  From January to September last year, there were 96,000 new HIV infections, with 24.4 percent in the 20-29 age group, according to China's National Center for AIDS/STD Control and Prevention.  Teenage pregnancies and premarital abortions are also rising. The National Health and Family Planning Commission reported in 2015 that around 13 million abortions are performed annually in China. By comparison, the United States, with roughly a quarter of China's population, has fewer than 1 million abortions per year.    Today, an increasing number of Chinese adolescents are engaging in premarital sex, in many cases with only vague knowledge of safe sex practices, experts say.  \"As a result of secretive sex education in China, most unmarried Chinese adolescents know little about the consequences of premarital sex,\" said Li Yinhe, a Chinese sexologist.  China is making strides to break its silence on sex. The Ministry of Education recently issued a guideline suggesting that higher education institutions set up public courses on health education to teach students about sex and reproductive health.  In recent years, there have been increased calls for better sex education in China. Liu Wenli, a professor at Beijing Normal University, has been running a public WeChat account called \"Love and Life\" since 2014, offering a free subscription service on sex education information.  Liu and her team have also been popularizing their Cherish Life sex education textbooks for Chinese children. Each month, the team visits kindergartens and primary schools in Beijing to observe lessons and coach teachers.  Sun, the pregnant math teacher, often thinks about the sex education of her child.  \"It will definitely be better than mine,\" she said.  Xinhua    (China Daily 07/17/2017 page4)", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "  More than 130,000 polluting companies in the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region have suspended production or shut down amid comprehensive controls to curb air pollution in the autumn and winter, environmental authorities said on Tuesday.  After blue skies over the weekend, the air quality in many cities of the region including Beijing, Tianjin, and Shijiazhuang, Tangshan and Baoding in Hebei province is forecast to decline to the moderate or even severe level on Wednesday and Thursday, according to the China National Environmental Monitoring Center.  It will once again improve, reaching the good level on Friday, it added.  In response to coping with frequent air pollution in the autumn and winter, environment authorities in Beijing, Tianjin and Hebei province, have pledged to continue strict controls and carry out extra measures to curb pollution.  \"Hebei province has dealt with around 108,500 polluting companies, including closing them down or suspending their production in 2017,\" Gao Jianmin, head of the Hebei Provincial Environment Bureau, said on Tuesday.  Besides, 19,000 polluting companies were found in Tianjin, of which half were shut down completely, said Wen Wurui, Gao's counterpart in Tianjin.  Around 6,000 polluting companies were shut down in Beijing.  The three heads of the environment bureaus introduced their measures to tackle with winter smog, showing that coal consumption for heating services is another major target along with restrictions on industrial production.  In the downtown districts of Beijing and Tianjin, gas or electricity has replaced coal as the source of winter heating, and in Hebei more than 2 million households in urban and rural areas have switched their fuel as well, according to the three officials.  In Beijing, total coal consumption was reduced to 7 million metric tons in 2017, compared with 23 million tons in 2013, \"and 90 percent of the current energy mix was high-quality energy including gas, greatly helping to reduce emissions,\" said Fang Li, head of Beijing Environmental Protection Bureau.  More companies in heavy industry will reduce their production to lower emissions in the region - for example, 396 major companies from the casting, iron and steel and construction sectors in Tianjin will do so from Wednesday, Wen said.  The comprehensive measures in the three areas resulted in an improvement in air quality, such as the average concentration of PM2.5, hazardous fine particulate matter, which declined in Tianjin from Oct 1 to 25 by 24 percent year-on-year, said Wen from Tianjin.  \"But the severe air pollution for days in a row hampered the improvements,\" Wen added. \"Therefore it's a priority to take extra measures when there is severe air pollution.\"  The Ministry of Environmental Protection has sent inspection teams to monitor the three governments to deal with pollution problems to improve regional air quality. ", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "BEIJING - A new form of theater, which can be watched on the big screen, is gaining favor among young Chinese audiences and enriching performing arts in China.  On Wednesday, a new season of theater live content, starting from July, was announced in Beijing, including 23 new titles from various theater live broadcasting projects from London, Moscow and Broadway.  This is added to a list of 23 productions that have already been screened in 21 cities across the Chinese mainland and Taiwan over the past two years, according to Beijing-based ATW Culture Media Ltd., the sole distributer of National Theatre Live (NT Live) in Greater China.  \"This is the third year we brought theater live to the China market and we have seen a tremendous increase in the number of viewers and the venues,\" said Li Congzhou, CEO of ATW Culture.  In 2009, the Royal National Theatre in London started its NT Live initiative, which broadcasts high-definition live performances of their productions to cinemas and arts venues around the world. The new form soon became a hit among theater lovers.  The project was officially introduced to China in 2015. Since then, 39 venues have joined the programme, attracting 150,000 viewers with more than 1,000 screenings.  The ticket price is set at 120 yuan ($17.6).  Chen Qiaoyi, a bank clerk in her twenties, has watched five NT live performances in Beijing. She first learned about it from a friend who really liked the British actor Tom Hiddleston, who featured in the first series of NT Live screenings in China.  \"I was more immersed in the play than I expected,\" Chen said. \"The shooting was great. Most plays come in small theater productions. This was shot from different angles. It maximizes what it feels like to be on the spot.\"  Chen is typical of the current foreign theater audience in China. ATW Culture's Li identifies them as mainly between 20 to 35 years old, female and highly-educated, mostly fans of American and British television and film.  In recent years, China has caught the world's attention with its fast-growing entertainment industry and an increasingly sophisticated audience. Award-winning musical classics such as \"Avenue Q,\" \"Wicked\" and more experimental productions such as \"Sleep No More\" have all tested the China market.  In addition to new screenings, Wednesday also witnessed the launch of the First International Theatre Live Festival, which ATW Culture expects to play a role in promoting the new format to a wider audience.  \"Previously, the venues we worked with were mainly theaters. This time, we will work with cinema chains for the festival, hopefully to attract people other than theater goers,\" Li said.  He hopes more middle school students can start to appreciate theater live, to hone language skills and gain cultural knowledge.  As a new format of theater embracing modern technology, it also spurs upgrading in the performing arts scene in China.  According to Li, many venues were renovated or equipped with new devices to meet standards for high-definition screenings.  Chen suggested it was also a good way to raise awareness of Intellectual Property Rights among Chinese audiences, as it is easy to get access to pirated materials in China.  \"The price is a little high, but it is worth it. Spending for a theater experience is nothing different from spending money to buy a product you really like,\" she said. ", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "On Monday this week, Shanghai welcomed 172 countries, and regional and international organizations to the first China International Import Expo. The event, billed to promote common prosperity through economic globalization, is the latest addition to China's opening up policy innovation, thrusting the world's second-largest economy into the role of the new frontier for goods and services from around the world. Welcoming the over 36,000 enterprises in Shanghai, Chinese President Xi Jinping maintained that the Expo was an exemplification of his country's affinity towards multilateralism and free trade. While the Expo has been termed a significant move by China to embrace foreign products and services, the big question in many African capitals relates to how the continent will make the best use of the opportunity. China and Africa share an impressive track record of increased economic ties. As the biggest trade partner for Africa since 2009, China has consolidated its economic foothold on the continent where it also ranks as the top investor. According to the China Africa Research Initiative at Johns Hopkins University, the value of trade between the two entities peaked at $215 billion in 2014. Impressive as the numbers show, the resulting trade between China and Africa is heavily lopsided in favor of China. Much of the exports from Africa were raw materials, while imports from China into the continent were exclusively finished products, including machinery, household products, electronics and agricultural imports.,The newly-launched Expo is therefore a good opportunity for China and Africa to integrate what is workable and how best to harness the existing potential towards a win-win in trade relations. Already, data from various sources indicate that African exports to China have been on an upward trend from a paltry $5 billion in 2012 to over $110 billion in 2014. A few suggestions would suffice at this stage. China and Africa need progressive economic partnership regimes that can facilitate entry of African products and services into the Chinese market. Such negotiations should transcend bilateral levels and embrace broader regional consensus between the two entities. Key among the action points should be eliminating cumbersome tariffs that have impeded imports from Africa. Secondly, there is a need to diversify the types of products that China welcomes into its markets from Africa. Besides natural resources, Africa is home to a plethora of other products, including flowers, vegetables and beverages that it could sell to China. Africa also should aggressively market new sources of comparative advantage, such as tourism, to the Chinese market. The continent has proven popular with the burgeoning Chinese middle class, something that could provide the much-needed shot in the arm to right the wrongs of lopsided trade imbalance. Finally, Africa should leverage the Forum on China Africa Cooperation to further buoy its exports to China. In August 2018, President Xi pledged $5 billion to support African imports into his country, a move that created impetus on the side of African countries. Seen from the Belt and Road Initiative lens, China is increasingly opening its borders to the rest of the world. Africa should therefore roll out innovative and sustainable measures to effectively trade with Beijing.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "China will upgrade its financial opening-up tasks for this year by unifying regulatory rules for domestic and foreign players in the financial sector, and improve connections between onshore and offshore capital markets, according to Yi Gang, governor of the People's Bank of China, on Sunday. The standards required for foreign institutions, in terms of share proportion, company form, business scale, shareholder qualification and number of licenses, will be the same as those for Chinese companies, he said at the China Development Forum 2019 in Beijing. After checking a \"to-do\" list set a year earlier, Yi expressed satisfaction with what has been achieved so far. \"Most of the 11 tasks for financial opening have been done, leaving very little work to implement,\" he said. \"But the overall level of opening-up still has room to improve.\" The further opening-up will tighten connections between domestic and overseas capital markets, with continual improvement of the qualified foreign institutional investors scheme, as well as the Shanghai-Hong Kong and Shenzhen-Hong Kong stock connect programs, Yi said. \"Both Chinese and foreign institutions can equally enter business fields that are not named in the negative list. But all players should have licenses before starting to do business, and their activities need to be under the same regulation,\" he said. Market watchers expect new measures to debut this year to attract more foreign financial institutions to China, owning more shares in joint ventures or even taking control of the company, as well as widening the domestic financial markets for overseas investors. \"Currently, when foreign investors enter Chinese market, they will find out that the hedging tools, financial derivatives and other financial products still need to further develop. The key task this year is to provide sufficient financial hedging instruments to let investors effectively manage risks,\" Yi said at the forum. Financial opening-up is an independent decision made by Chinese policymakers based on the country's self-development, Yi added. \"The current monetary policy framework can cope with further opening of the financial market.\" He also pledged to improve transparency in accounting, taxes and regulatory rules. Former US Treasury secretary Jacob Lew said: \"Historical experience shows that market opening can achieve a win-win situation.\" However, he added that China needs to learn the lesson from the United States' financial crisis and improve regulation to prevent risks imported from overseas markets. \"Deleveraging is central, but it is hard, so I suggest Chinese policymakers stick with it going forward,\" Lew said, stressing that risky areas may include financial product innovation, shadow banking and fintech. As of the end of last year, China's macro leveraging level - the total debt-to-GDP ratio, declined to 249.4 percent from 250.9 percent in 2017, according to data from the central bank. Yi, the governor, said that to raise funds through the equity market, rather than relying too much on issuing debt, is a method to stabilize the level of leverage. Starting next month, the yuan-denominated government and policy bank bonds will be added to the Bloomberg Barclays Global Aggregate Bond Index, phased over a 20-month period. After their full inclusion, yuan-denominated bonds will become the fourth-largest currency component, following the dollar, the euro and the Japanese yen. Global banks predicted that the index inclusion will inject about $700 to $800 billion of overseas funds in the next five years. Based on a recent survey conducted by Bloomberg, more than 67 percent of participants in Asian markets expect to invest in Chinese onshore bonds this year, and the index inclusion is a key driver. \"We believe 2019 will be a tipping point in China's bond market, as all four elements - regulation, market access, investor demand and benchmarks - are now much more firmly in place,\" said Peter Grauer, chairman of Bloomberg L.P.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Xiongan New Area in Hebei province is expected to take off as the country's new growth engine.  The area has been preparing for this expansion since its establishment was announced in April, with President Xi Jinping pledging to make people's interests among the top priorities when pushing for the area's development.  Xi visited Anxin county in Xiongan on Feb 23 for an inspection tour before the announcement.  \"The area must let local residents benefit from the development of Xiongan and they should have an actual feeling of satisfaction,\" Xi said on the visit. The new area spans the counties of Xiongxian, Rongcheng and Anxin, which have about 1.2 million residents.  \"We have maintained the people-centered development path because we are building the new area for the benefit of people, otherwise its development would have no significance,\" said Liu Baoling, executive deputy director of the administrative committee of Xiongan New Area.  Liu said he spent the past few months figuring out how to bring genuine happiness to the people. The work paid off.  Residents have become more supportive and active, after their initial surprise and concerns about their future.  China announced on April 1 the decision to set up the Xiongan New Area to advance the coordinated development of the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region.  The move is a \"major historic and strategic choice made by the Communist Party of China Central Committee with comrade Xi Jinping as the core\", said a circular issued by the CPC Central Committee and the State Council.  If all goes according to plan, the area will become an innovative hub and home for Beijing's \"non-capital\" functions.  Locals are now looking forward to the new area.  \"I know it's a good thing for us, but at first I was really worried about how farmers like me, who don't have much knowledge and skills, can make a living in such a high-end environment,\" said Zhang Baozeng, 60, a farmer from Zhongliu village in Anxin county.  Residents are attending training projects, provided by the government for free, to gain skills.  The government brought in training agencies in June to prepare residents for a diverse range of fields, from lawyers to tea-makers, Liu said. So far, more than 3,000 residents have been trained and about 10,000 will be trained by year's end.  The area, about 100 kilometers southwest of Beijing, eventually will cover 2,000 square kilometers and house 2 million to 2.5 million people.  \"I accompanied President Xi during his visit to the new area. I could feel he cared most about people's living,\" said Liu.  Seven months after Xi's visit, there is no big change yet to the area's appearance, but it has undergone tremendous change in the population's state of mind. ", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "The invitational exhibition   was held in Beijing on Sept 22. The exhibition was one of the largest of its kind, gathering more than 200 artworks from across the nation. Exhibits include representative pieces from inheritors of colored sculpture and highly rated works from students at art schools, representing different cultural styles. In China, colored sculpture not only influences areas of folk art, but is becoming accepted by more academics, artists and professional scholars. The exhibition was co-organized by the Museum of Chinese Garden and Landscape Architecture and the Colored Sculpture Committee of Chinese Folk Literature and Art Association and co-hosted by several institutions, including the Arts and Design Academy at Beijing University of Technology.,Zhang Chang, a fourth-generation inheritor of Zhang-style clay figurine making, said: \"The times are changing, and people's tastes are also evolving. I think inheritance is not about keeping the traditional arts as is, but creating and innovating on the basis of passing on our excellent tradition.\" Colored sculptures by Zhang, including the piece are being shown at the exhibition. Zou Feng, vice-president of the Art and Design Academy of Beijing University of Technology, said: \"This exhibition pulled modern colored sculpture and general audiences closer, to let people understand the art form with more firsthand sensational recognition. We can say this exhibition created an effective link among traditional arts and crafts, modern life and the society.\",Furthermore, Zou revealed colored sculpture has already been included in the curriculum at Beijing University of Technology. \"Very few schools still offer colored sculpture as a major by itself. But our teachers and folk artists are all trying very hard to keep and pass on this traditional craft,\" said Huang Tao, secretary of the Party committee at Beijing University of Technology. To that end, he suggested including colored sculpture in introductory courses at art institutions. Duration: Sept 22, 2018 - Jan 6, 2019", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "BEIJING - On the 40th anniversary of its reform and opening-up this year, China will inject more vigor into global growth by opening up further as it enters a new stage of development. This comes at a crucial moment for globalization, with trade protectionism rising in the West. The new policy, outlined by President Xi Jinping earlier this month at the annual conference of the Boao Forum for Asia, the continent's top economic forum, highlights more measures for free trade and investment, including lower tariffs for automobiles and other imports. In a following inspection tour of Hainan, a southern Chinese island province that is host to the Boao forum, Xi said it will be developed into a pilot free trade zone, gradually becoming a free trade port with Chinese characteristics. China's annual contribution to global growth surpassed 30 percent in the past five years. The new moves are expected to generate new market demands and create new growth points. This momentum comes with changes in both the size and structure of domestic consumption, signaled by a 15.2-percent year-on-year growth in goods imports in January and February combined. Notably, 177,000 vehicles were imported in this period, marking a 14.3-percent increase in value. The first China International Import Expo will be held in Shanghai in November, providing a significant opportunity for more foreign goods and services. Over 1,600 enterprises from more than 120 countries and regions confirmed their participation by the end of March, indicating the worldwide interest in China's huge market. Already the world's second largest investment destination, China anticipates more foreign capital, especially in the manufacturing sector. The progress made in listing China A shares in the MSCI Emerging Markets and world indexes is expected to open a new channel for global investors. With more quality \"Made in China\" products being exported, the first two months of this year saw a year-on-year increase of 18 percent in exports. Chinese exports today range from raw materials and clothing to mobile phones and more innovative products. Since 2015, China has become a country of net capital outflows and will continue to increase its overseas investments, as Minister of Commerce Zhong Shan has said. The investment focus will likely be on building cooperation platforms in countries related to the Belt and Road Initiative, a grand proposal put forward by Xi in 2013 and dedicated to promoting common development and prosperity. In addition, the world is also witnessing an expanding use of the Chinese currency as a new option in international payments and settlements, which is part of the reform of global economic governance. By further opening up, China is expected to forge closer links with global growth and contribute more to a freer, fairer and more inclusive multilateral trade system.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Of all the works of William Shakespeare that have graced the theaters in China, Hamlet is arguably the most famous among Chinese audiences. It has also been adapted many times in the country. The latest version of the play to tread the boards of the National Center for the Performing Arts in Beijing, entitled The Tragedy of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark, directed by Li Liuyi, will make its debut on Nov 28 and will run through Dec 5. Veteran Chinese actors Hu Jun, Pu Cunxi and Lu Fang will play the leading roles, along with a group of younger actors, including Miao Chi, Li Shilong and Jing Xi, most of whom work with the established Beijing People's Art Theatre. Before The Tragedy of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark, Li Liuyi directed the Chinese version of Shakespeare's King Lear last year in another collaboration with the NCPA. The NCPA has been working with the Royal Shakespeare Company, a theater organization based in the Bard's hometown of Stratford-upon-Avon, on the Shakespeare Folio Project, which aims to make the playwright's work more accessible to Chinese speakers. During the development of Chinese versions of Shakespeare's plays, the Royal Shakespeare Company invites companies of actors, directors and playwrights from China and the United Kingdom to work together on translating Shakespeare's texts. So far, the NCPA has brought out five of Shakespeare's plays under the auspices of the project. The translation of the Chinese script of the play, The Tragedy of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark, was finished in London last year and Li Liuyi and the leading cast members were involved in the adaptation process \"When we started working on adapting Shakespeare's plays, we kept asking questions\u00a3\u00advarious questions that could help us to understand the playwright's intention,\" says Li Liuyi, who also works with the Beijing People's Art Theater and whose works cover traditional Chinese operas, avant-garde plays, Western operas and ballet. \"In adapting Hamlet, we were very sincere because it's a classic and so famous. We've been doing rehearsals for two weeks, and we never stop searching for ways to bring out what we perceive to be new discoveries from the classic play.\" In 1990, well-known Chinese theater director Lin Zhaohua adapted Hamlet, in which Pu played the leading role. In Li Liuyi's adaptation, Pu plays the role of Claudius and the ghost of King Hamlet. \"Back in 1990, I found my ways to communicate with Hamlet and Shakespeare. It was a psychological drama,\" says Pu, 65. \"This time, I play the character who murders his own brother and then marries the late king's widow. He is very complicated, and I am intrigued by the role.\" Chinese actor Hu Jun plays Hamlet in the work. In Lin's adaptation in 1990, Hu played the role of gravedigger. Hu's wife, Lu, plays both the roles of Ophelia and Hamlet's mother Gertrude. The creative team also includes costume designer William Cheung Suk-Ping, Chinese composer Zhou Juan from the Central Conservatory of Music and German set designer Michael Simon.  7:30 pm, Nov 28-Dec 5. NCPA, No 2 West Chang'an Avenue, Xicheng district, Beijing. 010-6655-0000.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "BEIJING -- A high-speed rail link between Beijing and 2022 Winter Olympics co-host Zhangjiakou will begin test runs in August, 2019. The 174 kilometers link will be open to public by the end of next year. Travel time from Beijing to Zhangjiakou, about 180 kilometers to the northwest, will be around 50 minutes. Zhangjiakou will host skiing events in 2022. Beijing Municipal Commission of Housing and Urban-Rural Development said relocation work is underway and construction is proceeding as planned. The Beijing section of the line, about 70 kilometers, runs through Haidian, Changping and Yanqing districts. The route is historically significant. The original Beijing-Zhangjiakou railway was China's first independently-built railway and opened in 1909.", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "BEIJING - Two bullet trains that link Beijing and Xiongan New Area have handled more than 480,000 trips since they started operation in July, according to local railway authorities. The number included 78,000 trips made during the 40-day Spring Festival travel rush that ended in Mid-March, according to Zhu Dianping with Beijing Railway Bureau. The trains run between the capital and Baoding City in Hebei Province, stopping in Baigou and Baiyangdian, both in Xiongan. On April 1, 2017, the central government announced the decision to establish the area, which is the country's third new area of national significance after the Shenzhen Special Economic Zone and the Shanghai Pudong New Area. The trains have benefited commuters, business people, and tourists and boosted development of Xiongan. \"Since the trains came, we have seen more customers,\" said Wu Yihong, a wholesaler in Baigou, which is known for luggage wholesale and is developing garment wholesale business. \"I hope to see more trains here.\" The passenger flow of Baigou Station has doubled with the trains' launch, according to Ge Yun, the Party chief of the station. The trains meet the demand for one-day business trips to Xiongan. \"I depart from Beijing at around 8 a.m. and arrive in Baiyangdian at around 9:30 am and head back at around 5 pm after finishing work. It's perfect,\" said a woman surnamed He who often visits Baiyangdian. On April 10, a train that runs between Tianjin City and Guangzhou City will adjust its route to stop in Baigou. \"That is what I have long expected,\" said Wu, who frequently goes to Guangzhou in south China to replenish stock. A new rail link between Beijing and Xiongan is under construction and is expected to be operational by the end of 2020. It will reduce travel time between Beijing and Xiongan to 30 minutes.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "For Yin Mingshan life turned full circle when Lifan Industry (Group), a homegrown motorcycle maker, become one of the nation's largest non-State-owned automakers and a beacon of China's success through reform and opening-up. Little did the 80-year old chairman anticipate that the blazing trail he charted for Lifan in Chongqing would serve as a blueprint for the success of private enterprises and entrepreneurship, especially in a country where giant State-owned enterprises ruled the roost. The former book editor turned entrepreneur was last month named in the list of top 100 outstanding private entrepreneurs of the past four decades in China, a ranking released in Beijing by the United Front Work Department of the Communist Party of China Central Committee and the All-China Federation of Industry and Commerce. As the founder of Lifan, one of China's largest car and motorcycle makers, his success story started soon after China embarked on reform and opening up in 1978. \"Lifan has grown from being a small street vendor in 1992 into a public company,\" said Mou Gang, who became the chairman of Lifan after Yin stepped down last October. \"The 26 years of our development is representative of China's reform and opening-up,\" he said. Automobile manufacturing is one of the pillar industries in Chongqing, an industrial city in southwestern China. After Guangdong province, the city is the second-largest car manufacturing base in China with a throughput of 3 million cars in 2017, accounting for 10.3 percent of the nation's total auto production. In the past four decades, Yin and his company have kept pace with the changes in China's socioeconomic development and made many achievements in the private sector. \"Lifan's development is largely based on innovation, exports and credibility,\" Mou said. By the end of 2017, Lifan had 15,000 employees and 23 plants, including seven in countries such as Russia, Vietnam, Ethiopia and Uruguay. Its products have been sold in 140 countries and regions. True to its commitment, Lifan invests more than 6 percent of its revenue in R&D annually. It has two national level research centers for cars and has motorcycles and applied for over 10,000 patents in 35 countries and the European Union. It has already been granted 9,530 patents, according to company officials. In addition, it has been the leading Chinese carmaker in Russia for seven years in a row. Yin founded Lifan at the age of 54 in 1992 with only nine employees. The company first only made motorcycles, and became the leader in the sector after achieving exports of over $100 million in 2001. Though he was happy with this achievement, Yin soon realized that Chinese consumers may need more cars than motorcycles as living standards were improving steadily. In 2003, Lifan began to focus on vehicles and built its first car plant. In 2006, it produced its first car, the Lifan 520, a successful model in the market. In 2010, Lifan went public and listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, the first Chinese private carmaker to do so. Despite the stiff competition at home and abroad, Lifan is speeding up its transformation and industrial upgrading, and is ready to achieve breakthroughs in new energy and smart cars. In 2010, Lifan worked with the electric car research center of the Chinese Academy of Sciences to produce new energy cars and its first model, the Lifan 620, was used as a security vehicle at the 2010 Shanghai World Expo. To establish an industrial chain for smart cars, Lifan invested in a car-hailing platform for new-energy vehicles, Pand Auto, in 2015. The company hopes to have 300,000 electric cars in its rental business by 2020, which will help make it one of the leading new-energy vehicle leasing platforms in China, according to Gao Yu, CEO of Pand Auto. In the coming years, Lifan will narrow focus to concentrate on vehicle production and further expansion in overseas markets. \"With our ample manufacturing experience and research capability, we will still focus on automobile manufacturing,\" said Ma Ke, who became Lifan's president last year at the age of 33. He added that Lifan will continue to make traditional diesel and petrol cars, new energy cars and hybrid electrical vehicles.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Foreign companies will be allowed to set up performance venues in designated areas of Beijing's cultural and entertainment hubs, with no restriction on the proportion of foreign investments, according to a State Council notice released Friday. Foreign companies will also be allowed to invest in aviation transport agencies, the notice said. In June, the State Council approved a plan to further open up Beijing's service sector. Beijing was allowed to relax the access threshold on qualifications, investment ratio and business scales for foreign companies in key areas such as technological, cultural, educational and financial services, business and tourism services and health care.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Legal experts have urged China to provide more training for criminal lawyers to improve their abilities in defending suspects. \"Lawyers get their legal knowledge from law school, but that doesn't mean they are qualified to defend someone,\" said Zou Jiaming, an attorney from Beijing's King and Capital Law Firm. \"We need more training, especially for attorneys handling criminal cases, to help them put their knowledge into practice.\" Although they may have graduated from law school, some lawyers don't know how to read case materials, how to collect evidence or even how to talk with their clients, she added. Zou made the remarks on Friday during a seminar in Beijing organized by her firm. She suggested the Ministry of Justice offer more training for lawyers, to help them better understand legal practices and how to defend suspects in court. In France, she said, lawyers must go through a year of defense skills training after leaving law school before they can begin their career. Fan Chongyi, a law professor at the China University of Political Science and Law, said helping more defense attorneys master such skills would make the country's criminal justice system more professional and efficient. \"We have examinations to ensure whether a police officer can investigate a crime before they start the career, but we have no such test for lawyers,\" Fan said at the seminar. He suggested China's law schools incorporate lessons on defense skills into course schedules, while law firms should also be encouraged to provide training. King and Capital's criminal division now puts its lawyers through written tests, interviews and mock trials before they are allowed to represent a client in court alone, according to Tian Wenchang, head of the law firm.", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "The Silk Road International League of Theaters has been headquartered in Xicheng district, Beijing, deputy district director Xu Li announced March 27. The ambassadors of Colombia, Lithuania, Bulgaria, Sudan, France and the Philippines in China attended the ceremony. The Silk Road International League of Theaters was launched at the Tianqiao Performing Arts Center in Beijing in October 2016. Initiated by the China Arts and Entertainment Group, the largest State-owned company in China in the field of entertainment and arts exhibition, the league serves as a platform for performing arts that aims to promote cultural exchanges between China and other countries. 86 theaters from 32 countries and regions have joined the league. \"The league exists to promote communication, cultural sharing and exchange among member theaters. We will bring more international productions, especially joint productions by these international artists, with this league,\" said Li Jinsheng, president of China Arts and Entertainment Group. An original opera, Marco Polo, based on the story of the Venetian explorer who traveled along the ancient Silk Road, will make its debut at the Guangzhou Opera House from May 4 to 6 and will be staged at Tianqiao on May 16, 18 and 19. The opera gathers international artists, including Covent Garden's former artistic director Kasper Holten and Chinese conductor Tang Muhai.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "  Systems designed to curb Chinese young people's obsession with online gaming require consensus between children and their parents to be effective, experts and tech engineers said.  A government survey of more than 6,200 families in Guangdong province found 23 percent of children aged 3 to 6 spend at least 30 minutes online every day, according to a report released at the Guangdong Youth Cybersecurity Forum in September.  More than 60 percent of 7-year-olds have downloaded games to their smartphones or tablets. At the age of 12, about 88 percent of children use QQ messenger and 70 percent use WeChat, the report said.  \"Children use the internet for similar reasons as adults, such as learning, shopping and social interaction,\" said Su Wenying, a child protection officer with the China Office at the United Nations Children's Fund.  However, she added that there are legitimate concerns that children's development may be affected if they spend too much time online.  In December 2006, the Central Committee of the Communist Youth League published a report that said more than 2 million Chinese children and teenagers were addicted to the internet and online gaming. \"It is a severe social problem that could threaten the nation's future,\" it said.  A year later, authorities asked Chinese game developers to add the first version of an anti-addiction system to their games, said Wang Xi, a senior software engineer for an IT firm in Beijing.  In general, he said, anti-addiction systems can be broadly divided into two categories: hard and soft. Hard systems force players offline or stop them from logging in during a certain period, such as the online gaming curfew in South Korea that stops teenage players from logging in between midnight and 6 am, Wang said.  Soft systems do not restrict access, but discourage players from gaming for long periods of time by diminishing loot drops or progression, he added.  \"Both of these systems are inherently flawed because children can easily bypass them by registering using adult IDs, or spending extra time or money to get their favorite item or character faster,\" he said.  Moreover, parents and children often hold conflicting opinions about anti-addiction systems, he said. \"This defeats the purpose of the systems because parents and children are locked in a constant battle to control playing time, leading to crafty children stealing their parents' IDs and credit cards, and angry parents sending their children to internet detox camps.\"  Given how many new games come out each day, \"it is hard to hold companies accountable for enforcing the anti-addiction systems\", Wang said. \"Hence other groups in society, such as parents, teachers and legislators, need to view online obsession rationally and work together to address the real needs of the children.\"  Children play online games to interact with friends, earn respect from other players, gain satisfaction, and for escapism, Su said. \"Some studies imply that children who are struggling at school or have weak emotional support tend to have a higher risk of becoming obsessed with the virtual world.\"  However, Su emphasized that internet addiction is a much-debated and controversial subject, and experts still do not fully understand its causes and long-term effects compared with addiction to substances like drugs and alcohol.  \"Labeling children as internet addicts and sending them to specialized rehab camps can lead to them being stigmatized and harm their long-term mental development,\" she said.  Addressing internet obsession requires effort from all facets of society, both online and offline, Su said. But more importantly, parents should provide an open and caring space to have honest discussions with their children about their daily lives and internet activities.  \"The family is the most important environment for child development, and consensus and mutual trust between parents and children is the key to the issue,\" she said. \"The anti-addiction system only works when both parents and children agree it is for their own good.\" ", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "The Palace Museum in Beijing is working with universities to build China's first \"medical school of cultural relics\" and develop talent to protect and restore national treasures, says Song Jirong, national political adviser and deputy director of the museum. The museum now features a preservation center, the Hospital for Cultural Relics, with 23 analytical and testing laboratories, 16 restoration rooms and 161 professional restorers, according to Song, who is also director of the center. The relics will undergo scientific diagnoses to record detailed analyses of their composition, original use, damage, restoration history and preservation methods. This will be carried out so that further conservation work can proceed with minimum intervention. The museum's new year exhibition, showcasing ancient royal Spring Festival traditions, is currently on display, with a record number of nearly 1,000 exhibits until April 7.", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "Nearly 30 years after graduating from The Central Academy of China, award-winning actor Hu Jun reunites with his celebrity classmates in the upcoming TV show   (Class Reunions). The variety show, which gathers together and re-unites celebrity classmates, will air on the Shanghai-based broadcaster Dragon TV from May 19. The program is jointly produced by Dragon TV and Beijing-based TV production company, Joy Entertainment. Born in Beijing in 1963, Hu attended The Central Academy of China to learn acting in 1987. His classmates include Chen Xiaoyi, Jiang Shan, He Bing and Xu Fan, all widely considered to be among the best performers of their era. Hu, mostly known for his starring role as legendary warrior Qiao Feng in the 2003 hit TV drama  recalls his nickname on campus was Shao Ye (master of whistling) after his talent for mimicking dozens of sounds through whistling.,The show will also invite A-list alumni who graduated from Beijing Film Academy and Shanghai Theatre Academy, which alongside The Central Academy of China are commonly regarded as the country's top three drama colleges. Actors Chen He and Zheng Kai, who both attended the same acting class at Shanghai Theatre Academy in 2004 are joined on the show by their classmates Wang Xiaochen and Wang Wenna. In each episode, two teams of stars, under the banner of their former university and alongside several of their yet-to-be-famous classmates, will be assigned an acting challenge by their former teachers and will compete for a place in a final showdown. During the show, interesting stories, anecdotes and memories of the celebrities' college life will be revealed, such as how Huang Xiaoming\u00a1\u00afs romantic advances were rebuffed and the time when Zhang Ziyi, alongside Liu Ye, once went partying at a night club to better understand the characters they were assigned for a project.", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "Mainland residents who need a passport or a permit for travel to Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan, will be able to complete the application process at any entry and exit office nationwide starting on Sept 1, the State Immigration Administration said on Tuesday. Currently, individual applicants living somewhere other than the place of residence indicated in their hukou, or residence permit, often found it necessary to return to their hometown to get a passport or travel document, because a person in another province requires proof of address, employment, study and kinship, Qu Yunhai, deputy director of the State Immigration Administration, said during a news conference in Beijing. After the new measures take effect, applicants will not need to travel back and forth to get travel documents, Qu said. People in tour groups traveling to Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan can also complete travel document applications at all entry and exit offices nationwide, he said, adding that all applications will be completed within seven working days. Around 2.7 million people will benefit from the simplified procedures annually, saving them a total of 3 billion yuan ($439 million). The new requirement will also save 7.8 million travelers to Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan 9 billion yuan annually, according to the administration. The country adopted a one-visit-only policy in May to streamline travel document applications nationally. Applicants for passports, as well as for permits to travel to and from Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan, can be completed with one visit to the exit-entry administration office. The administration has simplified procedures to allow applicants to submit photos, fingerprints and application materials, and will conduct face-to-face interviews and take payment all at the same time. Applicants are encouraged to make reservations via the internet to speed up the process. Exit-entry administration offices issued 133 million travel documents during the first half of 2018, up 18.3 percent from a year earlier. The total number of inbound and outbound travelers in China rose by 7.7 percent to 310 million during the same period, according to statistics. Shi Congqiang, who has worked in Beijing for two years, said he welcomes the simplified regulations. Shi, who is from Shandong province, wants to take a vacation to Southeast Asia during the National Day holiday. \"With the new measures, I can get a passport in Beijing and do not have to return to my hometown,\" he said. \"It will save me two days and around 1,000 yuan in travel expenses.\"", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Next month's annual sessions of China's top legislature and political advisory body in Beijing appear set to lay solid foundations, in, at least, establishing guideline thoughts, strengthening the Party' s leadership and rationalizing the institutional arrangement for national rejuvenation by adopting a series of constitutional amendments and a structural reform plan to revamp the Party and the State institutions. The Communist Party of China Central Committee published its proposals to revise the Constitution on Sunday. Among the amendments, made necessary by the rapid growth beginning in 2004, when the Constitution was last amended, are the Party's key innovations in theories and practices since then \u00a1\u00aaespecially Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era\u00a1\u00aa and a new national supervisory commission. Zhang Dejiang, chairman of the 12th National People's Congress Standing Committee, said in the last session of the committee in Beijing on Saturday that the March session of the NPC, the top legislature, which will elect the 13th NPC Standing Committee, will be of great significance to the implementation of new era thought and the spirit of the 19th CPC National Congress, according to Xinhua News Agency. \"It is also vital for realizing targets set by the CPC Central Committee. \u00a1\u00ad We should ensure a successful beginning and fruitful outcome of the first session of the 13th NPC,\" Zhang said. Peng Xinlin, a researcher of law at Beijing Normal University, said the proposals for amending the Constitution are an inevitable requirement for advancing the cause of the Party and the State. That will win it the cordial support of the people, he said. \"The suggested changes are in line with the national condition, ensuring that the Constitution advances with the times. They keep the basic law's continuity and stability and bring about big development,\" Peng said. New era thought connects socialism with Chinese characteristics with modernization and national rejuvenationand answers a series of key issues on how to develop China in the new era, said Mo Jihong, deputy director of the Institute of Law at the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences. \"Writing Xi Jinping Thought into the Constitution will enhance the basic law's authority and let it play a big role in social development,\" Mo said. Experts say adding new era thought, which is the guideline for all causes of the national construction, to the Constitution is vitally important to strengthening the Party's leadership, uniting the people and keeping the nation developing in the right direction, forming a powerful deterrent to the hostile forces. Adhering to the Party's leadership and correct political direction is a principle of the proposed amendments, said Jiang Bo, vice president of Tongji University in Shanghai. \"Amending the Constitution concerns the basic interests of the nation and the future of the rule of law. Only by adhering to the Party's leadership while amending and applying the Constitution can we ensure that the nature of the country and development of rule of law remain unchanged,\" Jiang said. Liu He, a member of the CPC Central Committee Political Bureau, said at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland, last month that China will mete out a series of new reform and opening-up measures this year, the 40th anniversary of its adopting the strategy. Some of these reform measures will be \"beyond the expectations of the international community\". The long-awaited revamping of State institutions \u00a1\u00aa a central topic of the ongoing third plenary session of the 19th CPC Central Committee, and one that will be high on the agenda of the March session of the NPC \u00a1\u00aa represents China's new efforts in that direction. It is believed that the restructuring can effectively improve State governance and make the system efficient, especially in taking on challenges in ecological preservation, financial reform and resolution of social issues. Also, the draft Supervision Law that is expected to be adopted at the NPC session, will define the responsibilities of the national supervisory commission, which will be directly under the Party's leadership, and will empower it to exercise relevant investigation rights and measures independently. The new law will strengthen the Party's leadership in fighting corruption of any public power holders, said Ma Huaide, vice-president of the China University of Political Science and Law in Beijing. \"It will stitch together the current divided antigraft efforts of the watchdogs for the Party, the government and the other public institutes, unifying the efforts of deepening reforms, govern the country by law and rule the Party by law,\" Ma said.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "As China promotes winter sports nationwide in the leadup to the 2022 Beijing Winter Olympics, the nation's education authorities are looking to bring thrills and chills to campuses as part of a specialized physical education program. A campus soccer program, run by the Ministry of Education, has seen about 20,000 schools across the country offer soccer-specialized PE classes. Now, it's time for skating and skiing to expand on a similar scale with participation in winter sports a major priority for the country's sports and education authorities. Wang Dengfeng, director of the ministry's physical education, health and arts department, said a main task this year will be the expansion of a winter sports PE curriculum from the northeastern region across a wider area. \"We just want to involve as many children as possible in winter sports, starting at the entry level,\" Wang said during the annual session of the 13th National Committee of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference. \"Now, it's not about developing elite talent. It's about growing people's interest.\" As part of a national winter sports promotion plan, the ministry - with support from the General Administration of Sport of China, the governing body - has set a target of introducing the curriculum in 2,000 schools by 2020. Meanwhile, Beijing has selected 52 primary and secondary schools to join a pilot program that offers training at commercial rinks and resorts. However, a lack of trainers and facilities - factors that hampered the promotion of soccer - will present even greater challenges, given China's short history of winter sports' participation. Despite that, the development of technology is expected to provide a solution. According to Bian Zhiliang, a CPPCC member and chairman of sports equipment manufacturer Taishan Sports in Shandong province, trials of the company's artificial ice rinks and skiing simulators have prompted positive feedback from about 100 pilot schools nationwide. Sets of equipment, called Ice and Snow Packs, were developed specifically for on-campus use with the help of a technical research team in Sweden. To keep costs low, the rinks and simulators can be disassembled, transported to different locations and then reassembled. \"The packs will become game changers once they enter the mass production phase after the trial. They will help winter sports to shake off climatic and geographic limits to reach more regions,\" Bian said. Wang stressed that the expansion will be implemented cautiously to allow adaptation to a range of different natural and economic conditions. \"It will certainly take time and we will never push it too hard. After all, participation should be triggered by the students' genuine interest, not administrative orders,\" he said. In September, with the help of the National Winter Sports Administrative Center, the ministry will issue a regulation to encourage a number of universities to build high-performance winter sports teams and develop a collegiate competition system, he added.", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "With Beijing's new world-class airport, Beijing Daxing International Airport, set to open by the end of September, a vast array of infrastructure is being completed to serve and support the travel hub. The Daxing Airport Highway, Tuanhe Road and a complex web of underground pipes and tunnels used for broadband, electricity, information and more, have been connected and integrated with Daxing Airport Express Rail and Beijing-Xiongan High-speed Railway. The immense construction project, which got underway in 2016 and cost 17.1 billion yuan ($2.48 billion), represented engineering challenges on a scale unseen before. Apart from Tuanhe Road, the three other transport routes to the airport are elevated and needed to be constructed at the same time in order to minimize impact on existing infrastructure. At one point, three transport routes run as flyovers side by side reaching as high as 30 meters above ground, the first time such a feat has been achieved in China, according to Zhang Yanduo, assistant to the general manager of Beijing Infrastructure Investment Transportation Co, in charge of the project. \"With the roads and rail up in the air we have saved land usage by more than 40 hectares,\" he said. Another engineering feat required that the Daxing Airport Highway, an express rail line and Tuanhe Road be built above and over Beijing-Shanghai High-speed Railway while it was in operation, setting a new standard for precision construction, Zhang said.,Now complete, the transport links are being run via an intelligent management system which utilizes big data, cloud computing and the internet of things to ensure maximum safety and efficiency. For example, signage on the highway illuminates automatically in low light and on rainy or foggy days. A dynamic speed limit control system signals drivers to adjust their speed according to safety requirements. Materials with ice and snow melting properties used in the tarmac, and automatic salt sprinkling devices prevent road surfaces from becoming frozen and slippery. At tolls, drivers can pass without stopping with payment being facilitated by smart cameras, which scan license plates and deduct the toll from a linked account automatically. A central traffic management control room acts as the beating heart of the whole operation. There is real-time traffic monitoring, big data-based intelligent analysis to monitor road conditions and predict possible problems. This immense transport infrastructure has been put in place to serve another massive transport infrastructure project: Beijing Da xing International Airport. Earlier this week, four commercial passenger planes completed flight trials at what is to become a new transportation hub for China to connect with the rest of the world.,The complex project impressed some 20 journalists from eight countries, including Pakistan, Mongolia, Nepal and Cambodia, during a recent media tour organized by the media center for the Conference on Dialogue of Asian Civilizations and Beijing Information Office. During the tour they gained a better understanding of Beijing's development. \"My first impression is that this is a very big project,\" said Bilal Ahmed Sabri, a reporter from Pakistan Today. \"It uses the most advanced technologies, such as the freeze-proofing road and illuminated signs to help avoid accidents. And it takes a short time to reach the airport.\" Mahendra Subedi from Nepalese national news agency Rastriya Samachar Samiti said, since Beijing Capital International Airport is quite crowded, another airport is very valuable for improving the environment and quality. \"This is going to promote connectivity for China and many other countries, and boost people-to-people relations in tourism and other sectors,\" he said. Fathimath Saara, a broadcaster from Public Service Media in the Maldives, said the highway will help enhance Beijing's position as an international hub. \"It's not only connected by flight and trade, but everything.\"", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Nebraska Governor Pete Ricketts expressed deep concern on Monday over possible tit-for-tat tariffs between China and the United States, but is optimistic that a negotiated solution can be found. The governor, a businessman-turned-politician, said that the tariffs proposed by the Trump administration against China are \"certainly a cause for concern among farmers and ranchers\". Nebraska has been caught in the crossfire of a potential tariff war between the two countries, with Chinese retaliatory tariffs targeting a number of US agriculture products following the US' imposition of steel and aluminum tariffs in the name of national security and a threat to slap tariffs on $150 billion in Chinese imports under Section 301 of US Trade Act of 1974. \"Agriculture is the largest industry in Nebraska. It's about 20 percent of the overall state economy, and one in four jobs in Nebraska is tied back to agriculture,\" Ricketts said on Monday. He said there is concern when China is talking about potential tariffs and people in Nebraska are worried that something will happen with the tariffs. \"That brings uncertainty,\" said Ricketts, who traveled to China in 2015 and 2016. \"Now the good news is we got time to work this out,\" said Ricketts, a Republican who became governor in 2015. Noting that it's the beginning of the planting season, Ricketts said there is some time to conclude a trade negotiation with China. \"That's really what we are encouraging the administration to do. We want to get this trade negotiation done so we can continue to enjoy the market access in China and that mutually beneficial relationship through trade,\" he said. Ricketts' talk came three days after a senior US team led by Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin concluded two days of talks in Beijing on bilateral trade and investment issues. The 53-year-old Ricketts, a part-owner of the Chicago Cubs baseball team and whose father Joe Ricketts is the founder of brokerage firm TD Ameritrade, said there are opportunities for Nebraska to further expand into the Chinese market, citing China's resumption last year of US beef imports. China lifted its ban on US beef imports imposed about 14 years ago upon concern over mad cow disease. Nebraska is the top US beef-exporting state and was the fifth-largest pork exporter in 2017. China is Nebraska's second-largest goods-export market in 2017 after Canada and was its third-largest services-export market in 2016, trailing Canada and the United Kingdom. Oilseeds, grains and meat products are Nebraska's largest export items to China, according to a report by the US-China Business Council on April 30.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Discover the best things to do in Beijing with our weekly roundup of art and exhibitions, music and performances, and trending activities to do around town. To recommend an upcoming event or activity, please contact   Works from the Leiden Collection have made their debut in China at the National Museum.  Exhibition   features a total of 74 paintings celebrating the most acclaimed period of the Dutch Golden Age. It includes 11 works by Rembrandt and one by Johannes Vermeer. Learn more  .  Mix a Hitchcock masterpiece with a juicy Buchan spy novel, add a dash of Monty Python and   is created.  The two-time Tony Award-winning treat is packed with nonstop laughs, a huge number of zany characters (played by a ridiculously talented cast of four), handcuffs, missing fingers and some good old-fashioned romance. The show is presented by Staatstheater N\u00a8\u00b9rnberg, one of Germany's largest comprehensive theaters, which is dedicated to all types of music, dance and drama works.,  is one of the most acclaimed tragedy plays of Shakespeare. Based on the original story, the Shanghai Ballet choreographed the ballet show in 2016 to remember the 400th anniversary of the death of the late legend playwright.  The story of   is set just after the end of the Trojan War in Homer's epic. The decade-long war is waged because Trojan Prince Paris follows the instructions of Aphrodite and seizes the most beautiful Greek woman, Spartan Princess Helen. Led by Agamemnon (King of Mycenae), kings and generals of various Greek states send troops to march toward Troy. Both parties are evenly matched. In the 10th year of the bitter war, Hector (Trojan general and also son of the king) is killed by the Greek general Achilles. Before long, Achilles also dies in the battle. The Greek army invades Troy at last after making use of the Trojan horse trick, and wins the war. The show is directed Tadashi Suzuki, founder of Japan's Suzuki Company of Toga.,  At a recent charity event organized to encourage autistic children to actively communicate with the outside world, 10 children volunteers assisted 10 children with autism to communicate with strangers - using their cameras. For both the children born with the disorder and non-autistic children, photography became a crucial form of interaction. More than 200 of the images they took together are now on display in Beijing. Learn more  .  Design is one of the best ways to understand Italy and its history, culture and industry. Some 50 Italian institutions and collectors are showing a wide spectrum of products, from mass-produced items to haute couture and limited-edition art pieces in Beijing at the ongoing exhibition  Chairs, lamps, motorcycles and drones are on display, which aim to reflect their designers' attention to saving energy through technology and the preservation of handmade traditions. Learn more  .  Few Chinese know Wang Shikuo (1911-73), but most know his works - realistic oil paintings that depict China's Communist revolution. He is so admired that a contemporary-art award bearing his name was announced in 2016.  Twelve artists have been nominated this year. Their works are displayed at the   exhibition at Today Art Museum. Learn more  .   ", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "BEIJING - Yu Jing, an office worker in Beijing, takes an expensive approach to fitness. She gave up a 1,000-square-meter gym with an annual fee of 2,000 yuan ($291), and paid 9,000 yuan for 36 one-hour courses in a fitness studio located in a three-bedroom apartment outside the city's Third Ring Road. \"It is not a bargain, but I think the exercise will be more effective under the guidance of a private coach,\" said the 35-year-old. The Aosheng Fitness Training Base, with an area of only 150 square meters, opened in March and has about 60 members, according to Jin Long, a 27-year-old retired wrestler and founder of the studio. The studio has seven coaches, all retired wrestlers from North China's Inner Mongolia autonomous region. The studio is already profitable, as each member pays about 10,000 yuan for their courses, said Jin, who is busy searching for an apartment for a second studio. Jin came to Beijing five years ago, working as a fitness coach. \"Traditional fitness clubs concentrate more on sales and focus less on customer experience and services,\" Jin said. \"Our studio focuses on customers and bodybuilding results, which is the future direction of the industry.\" As China's middle-class population is on the rise, small but more expensive studios like Jin's are sprouting up across the country. When Tang Lin, founder of i Fitness Space, set up his first studio in Beijing five years ago, there were roughly 20 such studios in Beijing. Now there are more than 1,500 in the city listed on online city-guide Dianping. \"Chinese people are not only paying more attention to their health but also are more willing to pay for better experiences,\" said Tang, adding that those born in the 1970s and 1980s are his main client base. Chinese people will spend about 1 trillion yuan on sports this year, said Ouyang Li, an official with the National Development and Reform Commission, at a news conference in August. \"The expansion of the high-end consumption population and upgrade of people's consumption demand is contributing to the rapid development of private fitness studios in China,\" said Yi Jiandong, a sports economy expert with Peking University's National School of Development. The coach training business is also becoming more lucrative. The number of trainees of Saipu Fitness Institute, the only publicly listed and leading fitness training organization in China, is expected to reach 40,000 this year, according to Zhao Siyu, assistant president of Saipu Investment Co Ltd. Saipu reaped 259 million yuan in sales revenue in the first half of this year, up 78 percent year-on-year. Its net profit increased by 81 percent to 72.38 million yuan during the same period, according to its half-yearly report, which attributed the growth to the rising number of trainees. \"Saipu has been expanding the scale of its five schools in Beijing and Shenzhen, and a new school in Shanghai is opening soon,\" said Zhao, adding that the company is also engaged in sports education and community fitness. \"The sports industry has entered an era of rapid growth as the per capita GDP of China has now exceeded $8,500 and people's demand for sports has risen,\" said Jiang Xiaojuan, a researcher with the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences. Capital is also pouring into the sports sector. In July, online fitness company Keep Inc raised $127 million in its D-round financing. The Chinese government is also aiming high for the sports sector to boost the economy. A recent guideline released by the Communist Party of China Central Committee and the State Council, China's cabinet, called for creating new business models for sports consumption with great demand potential. As the fitness industry flourishes, Yi Jiandong hopes there will be an improvement in its professionalism and sports-science level. A shortage of talent is also a big headache, according to Tang Lin. Sports teachers, coaches and researchers that China's sports institutions are nurturing still lag behind, he said. Tang suggested Chinese universities create fitness coaching majors that cover subjects including sports and fitness psychology.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Subway lines in Beijing will introduce a one-day pass, the municipal commission of transportation announced on Sunday. The capital now implements a metered fare system for subway rides. Passengers can buy single-ride tickets or use a rechargeable fare card for a ride. But soon, Beijing Subway will offer passengers more ticket options, with the one-day pass the first to be launched, Beijing Daily reported. The one-day pass, valid for 24 hours of unlimited metro rail travel, will be convenient for visitors to Beijing and benefit the development of tourism in the city. The pass, which will be available in QR code format, will save tourists the trouble of returning their public transport cards before leaving Beijing. The city also plans to accelerate construction of the first phase of Line 3, the second phase of Line 16, and Line 12 this year, the transportation commission said. Beijing had 22 metro lines and a total length of 636.8 kilometers in operation by the end of 2018.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "A Beijing court has streamlined the process for hearing simple disputes, to improve legal efficiency and ensure justice is served in a timely manner. A tribunal at the Beijing Haidian District People's Court has accepted 2,636 civil and commercial cases this year, with 1,698 concluded, according to statistics provided on Tuesday.  In March, the average number of cases tribunal judges concluded was 83, the highest in the capital, the statistics showed.  \"Generally, a civil or commercial case should be concluded within three months, but for cases where there are clear facts and sufficient evidence, we have accelerated the process of filing and hearing cases, allowing more time to deal with more complicated cases,\" the court said.  \"We are also focusing on mediation efforts in simple disputes,aiming to resolve cases before they are sent to courtrooms.\" For example, a woman surnamed Leng received her mediation document on Tuesday, within a week of the court accepting the case. \"My dispute involves the right to inherit family property,\" Leng said. \"I sued another four family members over the inheritance a home left by my grandparents.\"  Wang Kege, the tribunal judge responsible for the case, told China Daily the case involved sufficient evidence and clear facts, \"so I decided to conclude it promptly\".  After the court accepted the case, Wang called Leng and the four defendants to inform them the trial would open soon and told them to be prepared. On Tuesday, the trial lasted about 20 minutes, with the judge saying he was \"glad to see the litigants agreed to solve their dispute through mediation\". To ensure the litigants did not have to return to the court again to collect mediation documents, the court sent the paperwork to them. Tribunal judges usually contact litigants within three days of establishing that their disputes are simple or comply with the requirements for mediation, the court said. \"It makes sense to spend more time on more complex cases. Good time management is effective for improving efficiency and enables better sharing of workloads,\" the court added. ", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Yang Chenglan, a member of the post-1980 generation from the Dong ethnic group, is the first college student from her village, and also the first to return home to run a business. In March 2016, Yang and her husband Wu Fangjun gave up their jobs in the city and started a business producing and selling the ethnic group's handmade textiles online. Through online platforms, their products have sold well in Beijing and Shanghai, as well as Japan, Italy, South Korea and Australia, with annual sales of more than 2 million yuan ($289,180). Currently, Yang is building a small village spread over 5,333 square meters with a workshop, dyeing house, weaving room and drying field, creating a better overall customer experience. It will be completed and put into use on Oct 1.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Thanks to the fast-growing sharing economy, fitness buffs needn't necessarily \"go to the gym.\" Many can enjoy the luxury of the gyms coming to them. As the daily commute between work and home in mega-cities is already tiring, not everyone likes to travel extra miles to the gym, which restricts gymgoers' choice of places to work out. \"Don't (take the) risk to sign up for membership if the gym is not within walking distance to home or workplace because you know you will never go,\" said Dong Fang, a 26-year-old Shanghai-based real-estate manager. But a new business model inspired by the sharing economy is solving the dilemma. BULA, a yoga sharing-space platform founded by Naked Group, the Shanghai-based co-working space and high-end resort company, is bringing the workout place close to white collar workers. \"BULA is a three-sided marketplace\u00a3\u00adspace owners, teachers and students,\" said Dominic Penaloza, chief innovation officer of Naked Group. Similar to Airbnb, owners offer vacant space to BULA; teachers book the space and conduct pop-up classes while students can discover classes around them, giving them easy access to the available places and variable classes close to them on a pay-as-you-go basis. BULA also gives users access to world-renowned yoga masters' classes, such as those held by Duncan Wong\u00a3\u00adonce private coach of superstar Madonna, while neither teachers nor members need to worry about being bonded to a gym with a long-term contract. \"Our goal is to make fitness more accessible by enabling more convenient locations that bring teachers to students without large up-front payments,\" Penaloza said. While BULA is offering pop-up classes around the city in Shanghai, another startup is bringing gyms to people's doorstep in Beijing. Beijing-based Misspao Technology Co Ltd has built compact gym booths inside residential complexes within five minutes' walking distance for the residents. The booth occupies only four square meters, making it easier and cheaper to build than traditional gyms. It can host one or two users at a time, equipped with a treadmill and a spinning bike that charges 0.2 yuan (3 cents) per minute instead of membership, similar to the sharing bikes. \"According to the research we conducted in Beijing, 10 percent of city workers have signed up for gym membership but only a few keep going there,\" said Bi Zhen, founder of Misspao. \"Exercise has not become a habit because of the restriction of locations and equipment.\" Qian Kun, general manager of Matrix Partners China, one of the investors of Misspao, said the advantage of Misspao is that it can provide fitness solutions with easy access to workout facilities in good condition. \"It has the potential to become a common facility of residential areas in the future,\" he said. With a market value of 100 million yuan, the four-month-old startup has already sourced 75 million yuan investment.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "When late Cambodian king Norodom Sihanouk's late son Norodom Naradipo studied at Beijing No 25 Middle School, he was curious about how ancient Chinese referred to his motherland. After Niu Chongyang, his history teacher, told him it was Zhen La (Khmer) in Mandarin, the boy felt more confused because zhen la can also mean \"really spice\" in Chinese. This anecdote alongside dozens of less well-known stories will feature in an upcoming documentary series The Road to Friendship between China and Cambodia (Zhong Jian Youyi Zhi Lu), which will air on CCTV-4, one of China Central Television's Chinese international channels. The five-episode documentary, which has been produced to mark the 60th anniversary of diplomatic relations between the two countries, recreates many historical moments from the 1950s through the 1990s. Most of the content centers on Sihanouk, a key figure in Cambodian politics for more than six decades, and looks at his contributions, his friendships with Chinese leaders, as well as his life in exile in China. Unlike most documentaries that employ a chronological order to narrate the stories, the production begins with the 1970s and moves to the 1950s in the second episode, with the third one about Sihanouk's friendship with former premier Zhou En'lai and the fourth about his return to China in 1979. The year 1970 marked a turning point for Sihanouk, says director Li Yun, adding that during his visit to Moscow on March 18, 1970, then-Cambodian prime minister Lon Nol and his followers staged a coup to overthrow Sihanouk, causing Sihanouk to head to China. \"We obtained a video recording of his departure from an airport in Moscow for Beijing. \"In the past, Chinese TV programs have broadcast just a few minutes of this, but we got the original version which runs for more than 20 minutes,\" says Li. To accurately portray history, the crew interviewed a number of people who were part of the story, including She Chunshu, a retired official who worked as a translator for Sihanouk for a long time, and Fu Xuezhang, the former Chinese ambassador to Cambodia.,Fu recalls that the staff of the Chinese embassy in Cambodia were confined to the embassy, which was monitored by a local military force sent by Nol after China refused to recognize his regime. She, who was 29 at the time, was recruited to work for a Chinese government office that looked after Sihanouk and his family after the coup. He recalls that Zhou gave Sihanouk a warm welcome when he arrived in Beijing after being overthrown in the coup. But Sihanouk's friendship with Zhou can be traced back to the 1955 Bandung Conference, a large-scale international meeting to unite Asian and African countries. After private meetings with Zhou at the Bandung Conference, Sihanouk visited China twice, paving the way for the two countries to establish diplomatic relations in 1958. Among the many stories told in the documentary is one about Sihanouk and his wife Monineath paying their first state visit to China in February in 1956. When they arrived they didn't have winter clothes. So, Zhou asked some local tailors to quickly make outfits for them, which Sihanouk cherished and wore every winter while he was in China. While the first four episodes look back at Sihanouk and his close connections with China, the fifth episode focuses on the more recent past. And it talks of 1992, when China sent peacekeeping personnel to Cambodia following the call of Boutros Boutros-Ghali, the then secretary-general of the United Nations. Li, the director of the TV documentary, says Ma Jidong, a team leader of a military engineering unit of the Chinese peacekeeping force, told him the temperature there was more than 40 C. It was a very harsh environment for Chinese soldiers, who contributed a lot to the friendship between China and Cambodia.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Sixteen years ago, leaving his home village of Sanyizhai in Central China's Henan province for coastal cities was the only way Sun Ming could realize his dream\u00a3\u00adto earn enough money to build a two-story house back home, where he could get married and support his agricultural family. But it is no longer the only way. \"The monthly salary in Lankao at the turn of the century was around 150 yuan ($21), whereas workers in coastal factories could earn 10 times as much,\" said the 32-year-old, who now runs a plant nursery in Sanyizhai, in the west of Lankao county. \"The net revenue from my nursery last year alone reached 200,000 yuan,\" he laughed, adding it was just the amount needed to build a two-story house. Sun is among some 30,000 migrant workers from Lankao who have returned home over the last decade, with enough skills and capital accumulated over the years to start lucrative businesses at their doorsteps, according to the county's human resources and social security bureau. The returning tide of talent and capital created 96,000 local jobs, giving people more job alternatives within the county, the bureau said. China's reform and opening-up, which began in 1978, has triggered rapid urbanization in coastal regions and, as a result, massive numbers of farmers from impoverished Central and West China have flowed southeast to feed the hunger for construction workers there. With a population of almost 100 million, Henan has since become a major exporter of labor. The draining away of younger workers seriously impacted a number of impoverished counties, such as Lankao, that remained on the national list of poverty-stricken counties until last year. In 2002, Sun finished middle school at age 16, and going to high school was a luxury he could not afford. He first tried his luck in an electronics factory and then a cotton mill in the southern city of Guangzhou, Guangdong province, and later worked for a flower wholesale market in Shanghai, where he married and had a son. \"I could earn up to 20,000 yuan a month when I worked extra hours on weekends, but the cost of a thrifty life was high as well,\" he said. Despite higher salaries in the cities, many migrant workers find it hard to blend into urban society. The strict hukou, or household registration system, has increased the cost of being an outsider in cities by limiting access to schooling and healthcare. And the inadequate protection of their labor rights has left them prone to poor working conditions and payment defaults. The 2008 financial crisis also dealt a heavy blow to coastal factories, and an estimated 3 million migrant workers from Henan were forced back to their hometowns. Though Sun didn't return home immediately, he was impressed with the changes in his hometown every time he came back for the Spring Festival holiday. The new high-speed railway station, the increasingly mature road network and the growing demand for ornamental plants for street decoration appealed to him.,In 2016, Sun decided to move back with the 600,000 yuan he had saved, along with his knowledge about flower nurseries and the market. He was also able to get an interest-free loan of 300,000 yuan from the local government\u00a3\u00adan amount that would be hard to get from commercial banks. \"Running my own business is much more energy consuming than working for others, but I have great expectations for the future,\" he said. Zhu Huasheng, a professor of economic geography at Beijing Normal University, said the number of returnees began to increase in 2000, and the central government had called for policy support for the trend for six consecutive years in its \"No 1 central document\"\u00a3\u00adthe outline of policy priorities for the year\u00a3\u00adstarting from 2007. \"Coastal regions now aspire for industrial upgrading and therefore have higher requirements for their labor force,\" he said. \"In the meantime, their hometowns have gotten increasingly attractive, with more job opportunities and lower living costs.\" Local officials in Lankao estimate that local incomes have been increasing at an annual rate of about 12 percent over the last few years, and companies including Foxconn and Evergrande Group have set up a number of factories in the county. In addition to the rising number of well-paid local jobs, Shi Tianyou, director of the county's human resources and social security bureau, said improved infrastructure has also helped boost local business opportunities. Shi hailed the influx of talent like Sun, saying he knows too well the social problems left by the exodus of young people. \"The elderly and the toddlers were left behind to take care of one another,\" he said. \"The absence of a working population posed a great challenge to local urbanization and rural revitalization.\" China has pledged to eradicate poverty domestically by the end of 2020. The five-year period since 2012 has seen two-thirds of the country's impoverished population lifted out of their situation. But there are still some 30 million Chinese living in dire poverty\u00a3\u00admost of them scattered across the country's vast rural areas. Last year, the central leadership put forward a rural revitalization strategy at the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China. Early this year, the central government again prioritized rural affairs in its \"No 1 central document\" for the year. Zhu, the economic geography professor, said the influx of farmer entrepreneurs is helping accelerate urbanization in Lankao, and contributing to the division of labor between urban and rural areas. \"In addition to creating local jobs, the returnees bring back new ideas and business models, which instill life into the local economy,\" he said. To facilitate the trend, the Lankao government has lowered the threshold for loans for those who start local businesses, and it organizes regular entrepreneurial tutorials where the returnees can share experiences and information. According to the local human resources and social security bureau, some 1,500 loans amounting to 170 million yuan were handed out to startups last year, benefiting some 6,800 returnees who created another 21,000 local jobs. Shi, head of the bureau, said his office also works with experts to develop business projects suitable for migrant workers that are tailored to local resource advantages. Zhu said government should avoid levying too many taxes as startups grow bigger. \"I know cases where startups are first given loads of favorable policies, but as they grow, they become the target of local tax authorities,\" he said. The professor also said less-developed regions in Central and West China should strengthen institutional reform and reduce administrative costs to attract industries and migrant workers back from the east.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "URUMQI -- Nineteen provincial-level regions offered a total of 15.18 billion yuan ($2.37 billion) in aid to northwest China's Xinjiang Uygur autonomous region last year, supporting anti-poverty work and improving employment rate in the region. The 19 provinces or major cities, including the prosperous Beijing, Shanghai, Shenzhen, and Guangdong Province, provided both financial and technological support to Xinjiang. \"They have introduced textile, electronic and agricultural processing enterprises to the region last year, which have helped promote employment among ethnic people, maintained stability in the region and increased communication between local residents and inland cities,\" said Shohrat Zakir, chairman of the Xinjiang regional government, when he delivered a government work report at the ongoing local parliamentary session. Since the 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China (CPC) in 2012, the 19 provinces and cities have invested 72.4 billion yuan to the region and offered more than 500,000 job opportunities to local residents, according to statistics. The central government decided at the first central work meeting on Xinjiang in 2010 to set up a mechanism under which 19 provinces and major cities, including the prosperous Beijing, Shanghai, Shenzhen, and Guangdong Province, provide financial and technological support to Xinjiang.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "On September 14, Kempinski Hotel Beijing Lufthansa Center held an opening ceremony and launch party for its new all-day dining restaurant Signature's . The event celebrated Signature's culinary offerings with dancing, music, entertainment and food. Over 300 people were present at the event. Speaking on the festive occasion, Brice P\u00a8\u00a6an, managing director of Kempinski Hotel Beijing Lufthansa Center, said \"Signature's will come to represent the international focus and local inclusion Kempinski is known for. We are delighted to have so many of Kempinski's friends and guests with us here tonight to mark the event. Signature's is all about bringing fun and dynamic dishes in a chic ambience. But more importantly, Signature's is about challenging and crafting new and exciting culinary experiences and performances.\" Throughout the night, guests sampled a variety of culinary delights. A lucky draw saw winners take home hotel room stays in Kempinski hotels around the world. Grand prize winners received hotel stays at Kempinski Hotel Beijing Lufthansa Center's new rooms. Kempinski Hotel Beijing recently completed a massive renovation effort and now boasts 480 rooms and suites and an entirely new executive lounge, Lounge 15.,As a contemporary all-day dining restaurant with an open kitchen concept, Signature's serves European food with international highlights. The menu was curated by a team of chefs from more than seven different countries. It features a classic Kempinski-style breakfast, unlimited semi-buffet business lunch and \u00a8\u00a4 la carte dinner. In celebration of its new launch, Signature's will offer a 10-course tasting menu featuring highlights of its \u00a8\u00a4 la carte menu for 288 yuan per person. The idea behind the new dining concept is to create authentic European dishes and mixed international cuisine in a elegant, upscale, comfortable atmosphere. As part of the core values of Kempinski's unique \"7 Touches\" approach, the European breakfast buffet (6:00 am - 10:30 am) will also have a \"pass-around\" of baskets filled with freshly baked breads and sweets every 20 minutes for guests to choose from and offer a range of organic and fair-trade products like honey in its purest form; inside honeycombs . The other five 'touches' include a homemade Swiss chocolaty hazelnut spread; fiber-rich Kempinski Bircher Muesli; fresh juice made from seasonal fruits; vitamin-infused, heavily concentrated, juice power shots; and locally inspired Asian specialties. The health-focused unlimited semi-buffet lunch (11:30 am - 2:30pm) boasts a wide selection of hot and cold dishes, a salad bar and dessert spread. Guests can also expect Indian tandoori-made specialties like butter chicken, crisp, freshly baked, Indian naan, steamy dim sum and a noodle bar. Along with the buffet options, guests can choose any one entree from the daily set menu. All dishes are made to order and cooked to preference. Along with the live-cooking station, open kitchen and Indian tandoori station, Signature's \u00a8\u00a4 la carte dinner (5:30pm - 10:30pm) menu will feature international classics with a modern twist together with its six signature dishes; The Pretzel Burger, K's Super Salad, Frank's Chateaubriand, Salmon Coconut, Yellow Tuna Loin and a Kempi Chocolate Brownie.,?   - Soft, homemade bakery German pretzel buns and a wagyu beef patty made in our on-site butchery ?   - Made with fresh produce and protein loaded with nuts, pumpkin, goat cheese, avocado and more ?  - Classic French cuisine using premium steak fillet simmered in b\u00a8\u00a6arnaise sauce and accompanied with sweetly barbequed vegetables ?   - Rich, authentic Chinese noodles and ocean-fresh salmon topped off with sweet coconut bubbling foam ?   \u00a8C Asian-inspired recipe, seared sides and pink at the center ?   - Swiss, homemade dark chocolate brownie covered with ripe raspberries and made with sweet, aromatic, Indian basmati rice,Kempinski Hotel Beijing Lufthansa Center's Executive Chef Michael Kreiling defines Signature's as a \"Chef-driven and ingredient-focused\" restaurant serving \"Fresh and honest food\". Kreiling, who hails from Germany and has worked in hotel restaurants around the world, aims to make the restaurant a \"part chic, part fun affair.\" Signature's Chef de Cuisine and Serbia native, Milan Cotra, has already affirmed his commitment to the restaurant's chef and concept. He said: \"Our mixed and matched culinary leaning comes from genuinely playing with and perfecting local dishes. I value taste over extravagance. This is not a fusion restaurant but what we serve is creatively playful and not your average classical dish.\" Cotra, having worked and lived in four continents, touts special knowledge of the classic dishes of each country. He added: \"From secret recipes to sensuous combinations, we practice a free-rein take on 'traditional food'. I want our dishes to be where cultures collide.\" Contributors to Signature's rounded menu also include Vipul Sana, Signature's Indian cuisine specialist serving up freshly baked naan and original Indian dishes every day.,To celebrate the grand opening, Chef Milan created the tasting menu for guests to experience an \"exciting international gastronomic journey\". It features highlights of its \u00a8\u00a4 la carte menu and is priced at 288 yuan. The promotion is available from now through Dec 31. Protein packed super salad with rich feta cheese, mixed nuts and quinoa  \u00a8C Yellow tuna loin covered in delicate wasabi mousse and cucumber jelly  Lemongrass and curry highlights with oatmeal dumplings and roasted seeds  Broth infused with plump shiitake mushrooms, Chinese cabbage and glass noodles  Marinated in coconut-chili foam, paired with vegetables and egg noodles  Served in a pineapple-ginger chutney with roasted pumpkin  Immersed in red Thai curry sauce followed by daikon-pineapple spring rolls  Soaked in truffle and B\u00a8\u00a6arnaise sauce with fresh vegetables  \u00a8C Moistened in Basmati rice cream, homemade raspberry sorbet and pecans  \u00a8C Ripe and juicy seasonal fruits freshly served", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Beijing Fenglei Peking Opera Company will premiere its new rendition of the classic Peking Opera,  from April 29 to 30 at Beijing's Huguang Guild Hall. According to its president, Song Yan, the Beijing Fenglei Peking Opera Company performed the piece back in 1990, with Peking Opera veteran Zhang Baohua, who died last year, in the lead role. \"  is rarely performed nowadays, but we want to pay tribute to the late actor Zhang Bohua, who was also my teacher, with this new production,\" says Song. Adapted from a Qing dynasty (1644-1911) novel,  the opera is compared to \"crime thriller\" by Song. \"It's about a policeman solving a very difficult case and the criminal is a good friend of the policeman,\" he explains. \"It's a very interesting story and we adapted it into a contemporary format, which caters to a younger audience.\" Formerly known as Min Le She, The 80-year-old company was founded by its first president, Zhang Qi, and Peking Opera actor, Liang Yiming. It was renamed the Fenglei Peking Opera Company in 1971. When Song accepted the position of president in 2001, the company was in dire straits and facing extinction due to dwindling interest in the art form. Now, the company has not only survived, but has thrived, becoming one of the more widely recognized troupes in the country and staging around 600 shows a year. It has also toured more than 20 countries, such as Australia, Japan, Spain and the United States and has even staged an original composition, a dramatic tragedy entitled Wang Zi, that has since been performed nearly 50 times across China.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "A world-class university should be founded in the Xiongan New Area in North China's Hebei province to nurture talent and support development of the area, a top Hebei official said. \"The construction of Xiongan and the integrated development of the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region can't go smoothly without the support of high-quality higher education,\" Gao Zhili, a member of the National Committee of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference and a top official in Hebei, was quoted as saying by Renmin Zhengxie Bao, the CPPCC's official publication. The Xiongan university should be directly under the administration of the Ministry of Education and recruit the president, management and teaching staff from around the world, Gao proposed. Compared with neighboring Beijing and Tianjin, Hebei is in shortage of high-quality first-class universities. According to Wu Yiqing, vice president of Hebei University of Economics and Business, Hebei only has one university that's listed in China's 211 or 985 key university national projects, while Beijing and Tianjin together have 38. And the only one \u00a1\u00aa Hebei University of Technology \u00a1\u00aa is located in Tianjin. To make up for the weakness in higher education, Gao proposed founding Xiongan University and developing it with high standards and goals. He also suggested listing one or two more universities in Hebei as national key universities, which can enjoy support from policies like China's \"Double Top\" universities. The \"Double Top\" plan was launched last year, with the aim of developing a batch of world-class higher education institutions and disciplines in China. Peking University, Renmin University of China and Tsinghua University are among the 42 universities listed.", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "Jinan city has failed to shed its unwanted title as \"the most congested Chinese city\".  For people living in the capital city of East China's Shandong province, they have to allow an extra 30 minutes during morning and evening rush hours, according to a report on transportation conditions in major Chinese cities in the first quarter of 2017.  The report, released by domestic navigation company Amap, found  The report noted a growing number of shared-bicycle riders contributed to the decrease of cars on the roads within 5 kilometers of first-tier cities. The number of car trips made in Beijing and Shanghai dropped 3.8 percent and 3.3 percent respectively in the first quarter.  Affected by downfalls of snow, Hohhot, a third-tier city of North China's Inner Mongolia autonomous region, became one of the top three traffic-clogged cities, with its time-delay index in rush-hour congestion reaching 1.91.  Since coming in as the sixth most congested city, Guangzhou's Shenzhen made big progress in easing congestion this year, as has the previously eighth placed Hangzhou in Zhejiang.  Both cities dropped out of the top 10 traffic hot spots.  Let's take a look at the Chinese cities with the worst traffic so far this year.  ", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "\"We hope equestrian will get more attention, and be appreciated by more people,\" said Wei Jianglei, general manager of Sina Sports and equestrian sport expert, on Wednesday, during the finals of the Future Star equestrian competition held in Beijing. Wei said that, while equestrian is not very popular in China, the sport has a strong ornamental value, rich cultural connotation and ritual sense. Statistics show that in 2014 there were around 200 equestrian or riding clubs in China. Now the figure is over 1,500 and rising, with club membership at nearly one million. At the same time, competitions have doubled in the past five years, including events such as Future Star. \"It's the fifth year of this competition and we can see more and more teenagers participating in the sport,\u00a1\u00b1 said Yao Ge, the president of Beijing Turf and Equestrian Association. Sabrina Ibanez, secretary-general of the International Federation for Equestrian Sports, said, \"We're seeing that there is now a huge - a big interest in China to promote and to develop the sport.\u00a1\u00b1 The equestrian tradition in China dates back several millennia, when chariot conducting was one of the six arts that young Chinese nobles needed to master under the Zhou Dynasty (1122-256 BC). The 2008 Beijing Olympic Games allowed the Chinese people rediscover horse riding as a sport, spurred on by the participation of the only Chinese rider Alex Hua Tian. More recently, other Chinese riders have shown well at the Jakarta Asiad.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "As the list of the teams in the ongoing 2018 FIFA World Cup has narrowed, Beijing police cracked down on an online gambling network on Thursday, arresting 46 suspects. The network's cash flow hit more than 320 million yuan ($48 million) since the tournament began, the police said on Saturday. Police focused on a Beijing resident, surnamed Zhang, who frequently made contact with overseas gambling platforms. They followed the lead and eventually discovered the network. According to the police, the network colluded with overseas online gambling platforms and became a domestic proxy, obtaining usernames and passwords for betting. Then the network broadcast daily game information\u00a3\u00adbetting odds, for example\u00a3\u00adon social media networks, such as WeChat, and gradually developed lower-tier agents and members to carry out the gambling scheme. Gamblers placed bets via telephone and WeChat. Winnings were paid in a number of ways, including by cash, wire transfer and mobile payments. The network was paid a commission from overseas betting platforms based on the amount of money in play, the police said. The network was raided by more than 200 police officers at about 5 am on Thursday. They detained 46 suspects and confiscated evidence, including mobile phones, computers, ledger books and bank cards. According to the government-run sports lottery website, money spent betting on soccer matches has surged since the FIFA tournament started. Although the tournament is still in progress, about 28.55 billion yuan was spent in the soccer lottery from June 11 to July 1, double the total spent during the 2014 World Cup, which was 12.3 billion yuan. Beijing police said they will continue to crack down on illegal online betting during the tournament. They also advised netizens to stay away from online gambling, which is illegal. In 2015, multiple ministries, including the Ministry of Finance, banned online gambling and announced a crackdown. In 2016, the ban was reinforced by the ministries. While illegal gambling seeks only profit, China's sports lottery distributes money to charitable programs. In 2017, 2.65 billion yuan went to promote amateur sports programs nationwide and to support professional athletes, according to the General Administration of Sport of China.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Beijing and Moscow will sign around 30 cooperation documents during President Xi Jinping's state visit to Russia next week, including two joint statements on bilateral ties as well as on global strategic stability, Vice-Foreign Minister Zhang Hanhui said on Thursday. Xi will kick off a three-day state visit to Russia on Wednesday at the invitation of Russian President Vladimir Putin, and attend the 23rd St. Petersburg International Economic Forum to be held between June 6 and June 8. The two presidents will witness the signing of an array of agreements on business deals in areas such as trade, investment and energy, Zhang said at a media briefing in Beijing. This year marks the 70th anniversary of diplomatic ties between China and Russia, and Xi's visit will mark a milestone for both countries, Zhang said. The two heads of state will take part in strategic planning to upgrade bilateral ties, and \"jointly usher in a new era of high-level development of China-Russia relations\", he said. In response to a question about the influence of ongoing Sino-US trade friction on cooperation between Chinese and Russian enterprises, Zhang said Beijing and Moscow share a broad consensus and common interests, and will work together to deal with external challenges. \"We have the confidence, resolve and ability to safeguard our country's sovereignty, security and dignity as well as its development interests,\" he added. \"The China-Russia relationship neither targets a third party, nor will it be weakened by discord sowed by any third party,\" Zhang said. Zhang underlined the important role of head-of-state diplomacy in Sino-Russian relations, saying the two presidents have had 28 meetings on various occasions since 2013. Their last meeting took place in Beijing in April. Oleg Timofeev, an associate professor of China studies at Peoples' Friendship University of Russia, said the frequent meetings between the two presidents demonstrate the good political relations between China and Russia. Thanks to their personal relationship, the countries' ties are best they have ever been, he said. Natalia Pecheritsa, a professor and director of the Center for Asian and Pacific Countries at Russian New University said Xi's visit will have a positive effect on bilateral cooperation in various fields, not only in political and economic fields, but in cultural and educational areas as well. Vladimir Yakunin, chairman of the Dialogue of Civilizations Research Institute, said that against the backdrop of growing global discord, Xi's visit demonstrates the strategic relationship of the two countries. During Xi's visit, the two leaders will attend a series of events commemorating the 70th anniversary of the establishment of bilateral ties, which will include the official opening ceremony of a panda facility at Moscow Zoo, Zhang said. A pair of giant pandas were delivered to Moscow Zoo in April for research cooperation. St. Petersburg State University, Putin's alma mater, will award Xi an honorary doctorate during the visit, Zhang said. Putin was granted the same honor by Tsinghua University, Xi's alma mater, in April.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "After a long journey home, hundreds of Chinese cultural relics repatriated from Italy finally were made available for public viewing on Wednesday at the National Museum of China in Beijing. The 796 artifacts are believed to have been illegally moved overseas. The exhibition runs through June. \"On a flight, it only takes 10 hours to travel from Milan to Beijing,\" Minister of Culture and Tourism Luo Shugang said at the exhibition's opening ceremony. \"However, their journey took 12 years.\",The artifacts were found in 2007 at an antique market in Milan by an Italian police squad assigned to fight cultural heritage-related crime, Luo said. Officers suspected the relics were smuggled and confiscated them. The Chinese embassy in Italy was informed of the case in 2008, and China's National Cultural Heritage Administration soon began the process of identifying the artifacts and checking them against export documents. None of the items was approved for export, and most of them showed signs of having been buried and excavated. The Chinese administration filed papers seeking their return and, after a decadelong judicial process, a court in Milan approved their return in November.,In March, President Xi Jinping and Italian Prime Minister Giuseppe Conte oversaw the signing of an intergovernmental agreement in Rome to formally give the green light for repatriation of the artifacts, which arrived in Beijing on April 10. \"I'm glad to see this exhibition just before the Belt and Road Forum in Beijing,\" said Ettore Sequi, Italian ambassador to China. \"The new Silk Road of culture is bearing fruit. \"Italy and China are the nations with the largest numbers of UNESCO World Heritage sites,\" he said. \"Given that the two countries are important cultural powers, I think this repatriation will set an example for the rest of world.\",The origins of the returned artifacts range from the Majiayao, a Neolithic culture from the third millennium BC in what is now Gansu province, to the early 20th century, according to Xin Lixiang, a veteran archaeologist at the National Museum of China. \"We can see many pottery figurines of camel caravans from the Han (206 BC-AD 220) and Tang (618-907) dynasties, two peak times of the ancient Silk Road,\" Xin said. \"They are typical representatives of their times.\" China has gained the repatriation of many lost cultural relics from overseas in recent years. In February, an agreement was reached with the United States for the return of 361 artifacts. But Guan Qiang, deputy director of the heritage administration, said the process isn't easy.,While international conventions prohibited the illicit import and export of cultural properties in 1970 and 1995, respectively, Guan said the process is often tricky, especially with artifacts lost before 1970. \"This repatriation from Italy offers a crucial reference,\" he said. \"But each case requires a plan tailored to its specific situation.\",China has signed bilateral agreements to fight cross-border crimes involving cultural relics with 21 countries including Italy, and Guan said the agreements complement the international conventions. \"Diplomatic channels, judicial procedures and negotiation are needed, depending on the circumstances,\" he said. Guan said an exhibition featuring some of the choice cultural relics repatriated in recent years will be held in the near future.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "  A man with a fox head puts a stone in a bottle; another with a bird's head looks directly out from the canvas, while a large green cupboard with many drawers appears to be a page from a large picture book. These three paintings are among 50 works by young Chinese artists being showcased at the 2017 Eye Art International Youth Exhibition at Penn Wharton China Center in Beijing on Saturday. Being energetic and creative, young artists in China are expressing their identity through their paintings, dances and music. Their youth gives them a fresh take on the world and relationships. Personal experiences, social changes in China and Western culture have all influenced their creations and distinguished them from their predecessors. Veteran artists, intangible culture heritage inheritors and experts in the art field and auction company were invited to give advice to young artists at a small workshop after the opening ceremony of the exhibition. Wang Chunchen, a professor at Central Academy of Fine Art, encouraged young people to be braver and break new ground. \"To young artists, the priority is to do the things they like. 'I want, I like and then I create',\" Wang said. \"Never ask if your creation is art or not, just do it.\" Zhang Zhongqiang, the only inheritor of making clay rabbits for Mid-Autumn Day in Beijing said he want to find what young artists like from these showpieces. And he worried that young Chinese artists would not appreciatetraditional crafts. Organized by Eye Art International, the exhibition aims to promote expression, dialogue and understanding of world cultures through exhibitions and art activities. The show in Beijing will run until April 29 and will tour Israel and New York later in the year.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Shanghai-based culture startup Art Revolver launched a pilot project over the weekend to help mass-market Chinese consumers access \"affordable and stress-busting art\" using the sharing economy concept. The try-before-you-buy business model will seek to ride China's ongoing consumption upgrade, and is expected to transform the domestic art scene eventually, creating a market worth hundreds of millions of dollars, said Eric Reithler-Barros, CEO of Art Revolver. He said the firm will provide rental art on a subscription basis. It will curate, deliver and install artwork to match the customer's environment and budget, and then periodically rotate the artwork with something new to keep the space fresh. \"Everyone, not just art connoisseurs, can now incorporate transient reminders of beauty and color into their hectic daily lives.\" The firm will adapt the West's wine club model and supply \"many forms of hangable\" artwork - paintings, photographs, lithographs, posters, mixed-media pieces, machine-generated art, and calligraphy - to the consumer's doorstep. It will seek to integrate sharing economy, augmented reality, art education, e-commerce, and digital payments. A subscription will entitle the consumer to receive curation and contextual information from experts, to select art from e-catalogues and try out online using AR, and see how existing ambient space - bedroom, living room, washroom, staircase, workspace, store, lounge, hospital ward, atrium, waiting area, dormitory, and so on - would look after it is installed. Upon placing the order, art piece (s) will be installed at the specified location. Consumers can try out different pieces without worrying about selections, as they can change art at regular intervals throughout the subscription period. They can also buy the art they like. Citing global management consultant McKinsey's estimates of consumption, Reithler-Barros said the sharing art economy in major Chinese cities could be worth around $435 million annually, or a fraction of the $175 billion that Chinese households spend annually on \"recreation and culture services\". \"In China, galleries are crowded, art exhibitions are opening to long queues. The younger generation are enrolling into fine arts courses overseas. China has replaced the UK as the world's No 2 art market after the US,\" he said. Art Revolver will offer four-tiered pricing that will cater to a wide range of consumers spanning high net worth individuals to young professionals living in small flats and university students living in hostels. The market is huge because \"every empty wall\" in metropolitan China is a target, he said. Guangzhou, Guangdong province-based Jiali Zhang, founder of L1ng Network & Production, a communications agency, said: \"Sharing art could prove to be fun and fashionable. But I won't pay a lot for this service. Compared to my parents, we the millennial generation have more purchasing power and more taste, and are picky, so a good selection of artists, not necessarily big-name artists, and artworks, will persuade me to spend more on art, because wall posters of music stars, sporting icons, landscapes or mean machines can get boring after a while. An app that allows me to replace them with changeable art would be welcome.\" But Yasser, an Indian student at the University of International Business and Economics in Beijing, disagreed. \"I'm not an art lover, so it's unlikely I'll use online art-sharing services. I'm not sure if they would really be affordable or prove an extra expense. I might still consider subscribing to them though if the concept catches on, or if any particular art piece really impresses me.\" Reithler-Barros said tech-driven art business will have enormous implications for artists, curators, and consumers in China, a land that has consumed artwork since the Yangshao culture (5000-3000 BC). Logistics, insurance, and legal firms specializing in intellectual property rights, will likely also benefit from the sharing art economy, he said. The sharing economy will give wings to art that may be gathering dust in Chinese artists' studios, art galleries, exhibitions, and museums for want of viewers or buyers. Just as most artists are not good at marketing their own works, consumers are not well-informed about art or ignorant about how it could activate higher brain regions associated with a fulfilling life. Some people do not know how to buy art either. Art Revolver will seek to bridge artists, experts and consumers, Reithler-Barros said. Philipp Grefer, founder of Wise, an international festival that brings together influencers from the fields of culture, business, science and technology, said: \"We invited Art Revolver to make a presentation at our festival in Beijing recently because it promises to make art affordable to everyone. It integrates the sharing economy with consuming art, combining a creative business with the startup mentality of the tech world.\" Veteran Chinese artist Ren Jian, who exhibited his latest works at Beijing's 798 Art Zone two weeks ago, said: \"Tech-based popularization of art is timely, and will provide a big push to traditional Chinese art. With online access, the artist can now hope every idea will find a viewer or a buyer. The artist will no longer have to struggle to reach the recipient's wallet, and will be free to focus on his art, thus improving its quality and enriching society.\" Danae Li, sales manager at the Ullens Center for Contemporary Arts in Beijing agreed. \"In China, art education is offered only in primary schools. Adults haven't had much opportunity to experience and appreciate art, unlike in Europe and the US. \"Beijing, Shanghai, Shenzhen and Guangzhou have been hosting big art exhibitions of late. This is generating a lot of interest among ordinary people, and creating opportunities for art exchanges. Art is part of people's spiritual needs, which are pursued as soon as material needs are fulfilled.\" Reithler-Barros said: \"We expect investors to back more art-world startups in China, especially those that are tech-driven and propose new modes of consuming art. As for us, we'll start with a broad base of artwork on offer, from Chinese traditional to contemporary to modern to impressionist, in various mediums.\"", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "A father in Beijing who sent a helicopter to his daughter's school for a science assignment has triggered heated discussions online. A netizen posted photos on Friday showing students playing near a helicopter parked on a primary school playground. According to the netizen, the helicopter was sent to Fengdan Experimental Primary School in Beijing's Haidian district by the girl's father as part of the school's science festival, for which she was assigned to learn about the working principles of helicopters, Beijing Youth Daily reported on Saturday. The netizen said the child won a prize for the assignment. The father, surnamed Chen, who owns a helicopter tour company, said two of his employees flew the helicopter to the school at the school's invitation. Photos and videos spread on the internet. Some netizens disliked the father's action, believing he was flaunting his wealth, while some praised the father, saying that it provided other students with an opportunity to see a real helicopter up close. \"Most parents do not have the ability to give children such a lesson about helicopters as that father did. Why should we criticize someone who has the ability and would like to share with other children?\" a netizen identified as CHcathrine said on social media. \"It's like students need to have a lesson about films and a parent works at the cinema and has the ability to offer free films to the students,\" the netizen added. \"Other parents should be grateful to the parent and such deeds should be encouraged.\" Some netizens expressed doubt that the father had obtained a permit for the flight, as public security authorities in the capital issued a notice on Friday afternoon saying that private \"low, slow, small\" aircraft are forbidden from flying from May 11 to May 16 to ensure safety during the Conference on Dialogue of Asian Civilizations, which is scheduled to kick off on May 15. \"Low, slow, small\" aircraft are those that fly at an altitude below 1,000 meters, have a speed of no more than 200 kilometers per hour and a radar cross-section of no more than 2 square meters. The father told Beijing Youth Daily on Sunday that he had obtained a permit before the flight, and the helicopter arrived at the school and left on May 10, before the deadline set by public security authorities. He added that he accepted the school's invitation because he thought it would help children master knowledge of aircraft.", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "CHANGCHUN -The airport in Changchun, capital of Northeast China's Jilin province, will see more flights in the coming winter and spring season to meet the rising demand from tourists. The winter flight schedule runs from Oct 29 to March 24. During the period, Changchun Longjia International Airport is expected to have 1,764 flights every week, up 12.8 percent year on year, the airport said on Saturday. Many airlines, including China Southern, China Eastern and Xiamen airlines, will open routes to cities such as Chengdu, Shantou, Guiyang, Hangzhou and Nanchang, with more passengers expected to visit the province known for winter tourism. Frequency of flights to major cities, including Beijing and Shanghai, will be increased, according to the airport. Northeast China, including Heilongjiang and Jilin provinces, is a popular winter destination for tourists. Famous resorts in Jilin include skiing resorts of Songyuan and Changbai Mountain. China is expecting a boom in winter-sport tourism as the 2022 Winter Olympic Games in Beijing approach.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Chifeng in Inner Mongolia aims to lift its profile as a tourism destination by hosting international events, says Yang Guang, vice-director of the local commission of tourism development. On July 14, more than 600 travelers departed from a square in the downtown of Chifeng to take part in the city's second self-drive festival - a four-day trip to stone forests, lakes, water-meadows and grasslands using bikes, motorcycles, automobiles and recreational vehicles. Wang Yongsheng, 47, a Beijing motorcyclist says self-driving tours are a practical way to travel on the vast expanse of grassland. And that this allows him to fully enjoy the special landscape of Inner Mongolia. He adds that it is relatively safe to travel with such a big group. The past year has witnessed 50 self-drive clubs organizing group tours to Chifeng. And Over 60 percent of the 9.4 million tourists to the area in the first half of this year chose self-drive tours, according to the local tourism bureau. That's why the local government is sparing no effort to develop the city into a resort for self-drive travelers.,Besides the increasing popularity of self-drive tours, RVs capable of accommodating a family are also finding favor. Wu Xianglin, 57, joined an RV-share platform in May and later drove to Ordos, Beijing, Shanxi and Shandong provinces with her husband. \"Nowadays, traveling by trains or planes is not novel, so we are eager to get some other experiences,\" says the Baotou native. \"With an RV, we can sleep and cook in the vehicle, so there's no need to waste time and money on restaurants and hotels during the trip. \"Also, China has abundant tourism resources for us to explore, which is perfect for RV tours.\" Wu also says that the platform has 2,800 RVs across the country and travelers can rent one for 1,000 yuan per day. \"To purchase an RV may not be feasible for many families, but sharing one is affordable,\" she says. Shi Yongjun, a RV seller in Chifeng says that local people seldom get chance to use RVs. So, the self-drive festival is a good way for them to be exposed to this mode of travel. \"Last year, we sold over 10 RVs in Chifeng, and most of the buyers were middle-aged people who have money and time on their hands.\" says Shi, an RV enthusiast who drives to Hainan province every November for an annual RV exhibition. \"Hainan has constructed advanced camping sites for RV travelers which is lacking in Chifeng, says Shi. \"I hope enough camping sites and parking space can be built for this emerging form of transport in China.\"", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Former Japanese prime minister Yasuo Fukuda has spoken highly of President Xi Jinping's proposal for building a community with a shared future for mankind and creating a better world. Xi, general secretary of the Communist Party of China Central Committee, expounded on the idea while delivering a report at the 19th National Congress of the CPC in Beijing in October. Fukuda, who was prime minister from 2007-08, told participants at the third round of the annual dialogue between Chinese and Japanese business leaders and former high-ranking officials in Tokyo last month that Xi's road map for China's development deserves intensive study in Japan. \"Above all, China is committed to working together with the rest of the world to build a brand new world order based on respect, fairness and reciprocity,\" said Fukuda, who made a secret visit to Beijing in 2014 as Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's special envoy to mend ties with China. Liu Di, professor of political science at Tokyo-based Kyorin University, said the proposal to build a community with a shared future for mankind is of great significance to China and the world. \"There are many communities in the world's history. But all of them have a problem: coordination within each of the communities and among different communities,\" Liu said. In the past, there were people who came up with the idea of building universal harmony in the world, but their ideals ended up being wild fancies, the professor said, thanks to outmoded technology and productivity. Xi's proposal has come at the advent of an unprecedented technological revolution, which is transforming people's existence and way of life, bringing positive factors and dangers alike. \"On the one hand, humans have never needed solidarity and close cooperation like today,\" Liu said. \"On the other, we can't take it for granted that all is right with the world because of the grand proposal.\" Because crises have put the world to a severe test, the international community needs to be farsighted and have the courage to break the barriers caused by racial, cultural and ideological differences and conflicts, the professor said. He suggested that all countries, civic groups and individuals change their mindset and behavior in order to coordinate and safeguard human civilizations. Noriyoshi Ehara, chief economist at the Institute of International Trade and Investment in Tokyo, said China's proposal for building a community with a shared future for mankind is in keeping with a world trend.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "A ceremony marked the beginning of the Lunar Palace 365 program as volunteers on Wednesday entered an experiment module, the Lunar Palace 1 laboratory at Beihang University in Beijing.  The volunteers will use the Lunar Palace 1 laboratory to carry out a 365-day higher closure comprehensive experiment of bioregenerative life support system with more participants than in an experiment in May 2014. At that time, it took 105 days to complete China\u00a1\u00afs first long-term high closure integrated experiment.  Eight postgraduate students at Beihang University in Beijing are divided into two groups to enter the module by turns and complete the experiment.  Bioregenerative life support technology is the most advanced closed-loop life support technology in the world and also is one of the 10 key technologies regarding the future of manned deep space exploration at a moon base and Mars base. ", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "The planned one-day pass for the Beijing subway system will boost tourism and be more attractive for international travelers, an expert said. Beijing subway will soon offer passengers more ticket options, with the one-day pass the first to be launched, the municipal commission of transportation said on Sunday. The capital now uses a metered fare system for subways. Passengers can buy single-ride tickets or use a rechargeable card. The one-day pass, valid for 24 hours of unlimited metro travel, will be convenient for visitors to Beijing and help boost tourism, the commission said. He Mang, assistant dean of the School of Tourism Management at Sun Yat-sen University, said cities like Shanghai, Guangzhou and Wuhan already have one-day or three-day passes, which allow tourists to save time and money. Beijing, as a global metropolis, needs to catch up to be more attractive and more influential. \"Inbound tourism is an important aspect of promoting high-quality development of tourism in Beijing. But the number of trips made by foreign tourists and tourism revenue in Beijing has continuously declined from 2012 to 2017. The one-day pass shows Beijing's effort to stay abreast of international tourism industry trends and a better understanding of the preferences of overseas tourists,\" he said. Rong Jun, spokesman for the commission, said the commission would analyze the commuter data during the holiday and figure out the needs of short-term visitors to Beijing before setting the ticket price. \"There should be a balance in the price of the one-day pass. It should be cheaper than buying single tickets. But if it's too cheap, it will divert the daily commuters and put more pressure on the subway,\" Rong said. The pass will be available in paper or QR code format, according to the commission. The city also plans to accelerate construction of three subway lines this year and will open three including the line connecting the new Beijing Daxing International Airport with the downtown district, the transportation commission said. Metro lines in Beijing are expected to have nearly 700 kilometers of rail in operation by the end of 2019. Authorities also said they will improve the ease with which passengers in the city's train stations can transfer to buses, the subway system or taxis.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "BEIJING - China on Tuesday urged the United States to be more rational concerning the ongoing trade issue and to stop undermining the interests of others as well as itself. Foreign Ministry spokesperson Geng Shuang made the remarks at a daily press briefing in response to a question on US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo's recent speech at the Detroit Economic Club. According to reports, Pompeo blamed China's economic and trade policy for the trade issue in his speech Monday and said the United States will respond to \"protect American property.\" \"The spokesperson for the Ministry of Commerce has already declared China's solemn position on the economy and trade,\" said Geng, pointing out that the US has confused right and wrong and the purpose of the accusation is to disguise its unilateralism and protectionism policy. \"Treating the consensus reached by both sides with complete disregard, the United States has recently been back and forth and has finally ignited a trade war,\" said Geng, reiterating that this move not only decreases trust, but also undermines the interests of the Chinese and American people, the interests of companies of both countries and the interests of people all over the world. \"China does not want a trade war, but it does not fear one,\" said Geng, stressing China will continue to take effective measures to safeguard the interests of the nation and its people and firmly uphold economic globalization and the multilateral trading system. \"No matter how the external environment changes, China will follow the established rhythm, stick to the vision of development for the people, unwaveringly advance reform and opening up, promote high-quality economic development, and accelerate the development of a modern economy,\" Geng said.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "The 144-hour visa-free entry policy - for nationals with eligible travel identification and reserved tickets from 53 countries - is already producing strongly positive results. Bookings of tickets to scenic spots in Beijing, Tianjin and Hebei have grown by 30 percent since the policy was launched on Dec 28, China's biggest online travel agency Ctrip reported. In addition, bookings for surrounding hotels have also witnessed more than 20 percent in growth since the initiative was rolled out. \"The move will significantly benefit the tourism industry, especially because Beijing, Tianjin and Hebei abound in tourism resources,\" said Peng Liang, director of Ctrip's public relations department. The Beijing Municipal Commission of Tourism Development is already working on new and improved tourism products with major travel operators, including Ctrip, the China Youth Travel Service and Beijing Caissa International Travel Service Co. The products will cover among other things cultural heritage, traditional Chinese medicine, meetings, conventions and exhibitions across the three regions, according to the Beijing tourism commission.,Ctrip has responded to the change with the launch of a sixday tour of Beijing and Hebei's Chengde. Airport pickup and delivery services are also available. As a result, visitors will be able to take in all the major landmarks and tourism hot spots - including Tiananmen Square, the Badaling section of the Great Wall, the Bird's Nest stadium and Chengde Mountain Resort. China International Travel Service has also rolled out more than 20 products for international travelers eligible for the new policy. Arrangements have been made for Russian travelers to observe traditional Chinese medicine, while visits to hutong and paper-cutting events have been prepared for visitors from North America, according to the Beijing-based travel service company. Some products will feature different themes on a daily basis. The company said these would include watching art performances at the National Center for the Performing Arts, learning traditional arts or dining at distinctive restaurants. \"The previous 72-hour policy allowed visitors to experience major scenic spots, while the 144-hour will make experiencing the Chinese lifestyle possible,\" said Wu Zheng, general manager of the destination promotion center with the China International Travel Service's head office. The policy will save tourists a considerable amount of money that was previously needed for the visa application process, Wu said. He added that there had been a strongly positive response to the company's products after the change in policy. \"We hope international tourists have more opportunities to enjoy an in-depth tour of Chinese culture,\" he said. The tourism website Aoyou, operated by the China Youth Travel Service, has launched a one-day card that offers access to 158 scenic spots across the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei area. Products targeting the new policy, like a four-day tour of Beijing, are also available on Aoyou. \"The products take into account the time inbound tourists need to check into a hotel, get over their jet lag and adapt to the new environment,\" said Xu Xiaolei, chief brand officer for China Youth Travel Service. Foreign language services could also be offered, based on specific customer needs, Xu added. At the same time, Beijing Capital International Airport is trying to cooperate with well-known domestic travel service providers to come up with tailored trips ranging from one to six days. \"The airport can keep luggage for those travelers for 144 hours for free,\" said Meng Xianwei, general manager of the aviation business department of the airport. Temporary entry points and tag systems were added to Beijing airport's Terminal 2 and 3 to make things easier for inbound tourists. Air China International Corp said it would offer information about relevant connecting flights and discounted tickets for travelers.  ", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "An increasing number of senior middle school students in Beijing are traveling abroad to take SAT and ACT tests in order to apply for US colleges, spawning a booming business activity, Beijing Youth Daily reports. Many US colleges look at applicants' SAT (Scholastic Assessment Test) and ACT (American College Test) scores as an important reference for enrollment, but the tests are largely unavailable on the Chinese mainland. Chinese students have to travel to Hong Kong, Macao or Taiwan, or neighboring countries such as Japan, South Korea, Thailand and Singapore to take the tests. Hong Kong's AsiaWorld-Expo is the most popular thus far due to its proximity to the Chinese mainland and lower costs. The paper said most attendees take the tests at least three times to get ideal scores, each trip costing a minimum of 5,000 to 8,000 yuan ($735 to $1,176). Eager to seize a share of the market -- which is huge, lucrative and still expanding -- travel agencies, educational institutions, including some public schools, are all organizing group tours for the tests. \"The tests resemble the Chinese college entrance exam in that only high scores can secure a good school,\" said a student surnamed Zhao from the prestigious Beijing No. 8 Middle School. Students at the school's international department estimated that about 10 percent of graduates went abroad to further their studies each year. So far, the number of international schools in Beijing has topped 85, and at least 15 public schools have international departments or classes especially designed for students who plan to study abroad. Beijing National Day School, a renowned school, runs study-abroad classes at its main campus alongside an international department, and more than 30 percent of the students go abroad after graduation. A teacher surnamed Yan at the international department said students applying for US colleges took up more than 85 percent of the total number of applicants each season. The schools organize SAT test tours for their own students through cooperation with travel agencies, and parents prefer them to others due to security considerations. The price usually ranges from 5,200 to 5,700 yuan. Tours offered by various other educational institutions cover hotel, air ticket, pre-test tutoring and signing up for the tests. A four-day trip to Hong Kong costs 5,000 to 6,000 yuan, while trips to Singapore, Japan and South Korea cost around 8,000 yuan.", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "BEIJING - China on Saturday published the master plan document for Xiongan New Area, creation of which is \"a strategic decision with profound historic significance made by the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China (CPC) with Comrade Xi Jinping at the core.\" \"General Secretary Xi Jinping has planned for, made decisions on and promoted [the Xiongan New Area] in person, devoting painstaking efforts,\" reads the preface of the document released by the Hebei provincial authorities. \"The establishment of Xiongan New Area in Hebei province is a significant decision and arrangement by the CPC Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping at the core to push forward the coordinated development of Beijing, Tianjin, and Hebei,\" the plan reads. Xiongan is another new area of \"national significance\" following the Shenzhen Special Economic Zone and Shanghai Pudong New Area, according to the document, which has been approved by the CPC Central Committee and the State Council. It is \"a strategy that will have lasting importance for the millennium to come, and a significant national event,\" the plan says. The plan is the fundamental guideline on the planning and development of Xiongan New Area, mapping out the area's future by 2035 and looking ahead into the mid-21st century, it reads. It has 10 chapters, namely the general requirements, developing scientific and reasonable layout, shaping the city landscape for a new era, building a beautiful natural ecology and environment, developing high-end and hi-tech industries, provision of quality shared public services, construction of fast and highly-efficient transportation network, building a green and smart new city, fostering modernized city security system, ensuring orderly and effective implementation of the plan. In April 2017, China announced the establishment of Xiongan New Area, spanning three counties in Hebei province about 100 km southwest of Beijing. Xiongan will be the location for Beijing's non-capital functions. The area will become a new home for Beijing's colleges, hospitals, business headquarters, and financial and public institutions that meet the requirement of Xiongan's status and development. The document listed overall development goals for the new area. By 2035, Xiongan will basically develop into a modern city that is green, intelligent, and livable, with relatively strong competitiveness and harmonious human-environment interaction. By the middle of the century, it will become a significant part of the world-class Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei city cluster, effectively performing Beijing's non-capital functions and providing the Chinese solution to \"big city malaise.\" It will serve as an example of the country's high-quality development with world-leading economic and social indicators and a modernized governance system, which will manifest advantages of the socialist system with Chinese characteristics. Xiongan is expected to become \"a model city in the history of human development,\" the document says. The document also requires that resources and environment carrying capacity must be taken as an inflexible constraint of space layout so that the population size, land use scale as well as the development intensity of the new area can be reasonably decided. The document says that priority shall go to ecological protection while the new area is pursuing green development. With the total area of construction land set at approximately 530 square kilometers, Xiongan will strictly control land use and cap its land development intensity at 30 percent. About 10 percent of the new area's land will be put under permanent protection as basic farmland, while the population density will be no more than 10,000 people per square kilometer. The document says that Xiongan New Area aims to explore a new pattern for urban-rural development. Within a land area of 50 square kilometers, new types of villages will be developed which will feature thriving businesses, a pleasant living environment, sound infrastructure facilities and public services, and efficient grassroots governance. The document says that ecological restoration work will be started in Baiyangdian Lake, including restoring the lake's area to 360 square kilometers. Meanwhile, water pollution will be treated while the forest coverage rate will rise from 11 percent to 40 percent. Moreover, a negative list will be implemented to close down and ward off high-pollution and energy-intensive production. In the long term, Baiyandian National Park will be established.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "The north branch of Beijing's Haidian District Library will host 25 cultural activities in April, as public interest in tradition has continued to grow in recent years, thanks in part to popular TV programs. The activities promote guoxue, which is loosely defined as the study of ancient Chinese civilization - specifically, such realms as history, philosophy, literature and art. Participants will learn about stone rubbing, incense, book binding and music. The library has also staged an activity to recommend books about the integration of tradition into modern life. It hosted an event attended by experts from the Chinese mainland and Taiwan on April 3 to discuss the integration of ancient culture into contemporary education. Beijing-based historian and publisher Ren Deshan said at the event that studying tradition is important to building cultural confidence and identity. \"Essentially, guoxue assists individuals' comprehensive development. It ... serves as a foundation that helps young people learn other subjects,\" he says. Calligrapher and culture expert Duan Junping says: \"Chinese people were educated in the classics for thousands of years to become useful members of society. But we need new concepts and innovations to promote traditional culture amid the explosion of information in the digital age.\" Studying tradition means more than wearing ancient attire and reciting texts, he says. More practical learning methods should be adopted, including those that use the internet, Duan believes. He says social support, especially from the family, is key to cultivating culture. Duan's grandfather, for instance, inspired him to become a calligrapher. Zhu Anshun, a guest professor of the Chinese Culture Academy of Chongqing and director of the Zhonghua Book Co's classics-education center, says there are obstacles to promoting tradition among youth.,Most parents worry that their children's academic performance will suffer if they spend too much time on guoxue. And some parents enroll their children in classes about culture for purely practical reasons, such as helping their academic and career advancement. \"They're not confident enough in traditional culture. So they choose the short-term focus on exams over the long-term benefits of guoxue.\" He believes society should become conducive to cultural studies and promote the idea that they offer comprehensive benefits. There are many private institutions that teach traditional culture. But public schools are \"the main battlefield\", he believes. He has personally made efforts to promote guoxue in the public-education system, he says. Zhu believes schools should change the way they teach traditional culture, which typically requires learning the classics by rote, to make lessons more interesting. Publisher Li Ke, who also lectures on traditional culture, says a growing number of education officials and teachers have been making efforts to blend essential elements of traditional culture into current curriculums. Some have staged successful experiments that balance guoxue and academic performance, he says. \"This is very meaningful,\" he says. \"It proves that learning traditional culture doesn't create conflict with exam scores.\"", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "  Sixty-five students from 23 countries are visiting Beijing to experience Chinese culture on a tour of the country organized by the Bureau for External Cultural Relations of the Chinese Culture Ministry. The program, named Experience China \u00a8C 2017 China Cultural Center Students Award Tour, selected outstanding students from Chinese cultural centers worldwide and offered them field trips to major Chinese cities to get the most authentic understanding of China.   Beijing is the main stop on the 10-day culture experience. From Aug 6-15, the students will visit major scenic spots, historical sites, museums and theaters in the capital, including the Great Wall, Palace Museum, National Museum and the National Art Museum. They will also be given chances to try out traditional Chinese art and crafts, such as painting, weaving, dyeing and potteries.  Speaking at the launch ceremony on Tuesday, Zheng Hao, deputy director-general of the External Relations Bureau quoted an old Chinese saying: \"Reading thousands of books and walking thousands of miles.\" He said he hoped the program could connect people from the rest of the world with China more closely. ", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "  Royal DSM NV, the world's biggest maker of vitamins, said it expects more than 10 percent revenue growth in China in the second quarter of this year compared to the same period last year. The new prediction comes as it continues a major expansion phase amid the country's fast industrial and consumption upgrading boom, its chairman said on Thursday. DSM Chairman Feike Sijbesma did not put a figure to the Q2 sales, but its full year earnings report showed that the company's China business accounted for 12 percent of total sales revenue in 2016, reaching over 7.6 billion yuan ($1.12 billion). The company's sales revenue in China grew by 18 percent in the first quarter of this year. Sijbesma told China Daily in an interview, while attending the Summer Davos forum in Dalian, that his group will continue to seek investment opportunities in China this year. It launched a new Vitamin B factory in Shanghai last year, which produces for human nutrition and animal nutrition, and it also acquired a Suzhou-based high-performance solar photovoltaic backsheet manufacturer in February. Sijbesma said China's national development strategy now emphasized quality economic growth as well as green, low-carbon and sustainable development and DSM was looking to further expand its presence in the country's solar power, next-generation vehicle materials and energy efficiency projects. The company has 21 factories in China and employs over 4,700 workers. DSM's China regional headquarters and the China science and technology center are located in Shanghai. Sijbesma said rising incomes and the accelerating pace of urbanization in China are also driving demand for more diverse and convenient diets. Additionally, higher incomes have stimulated the consumption of meat proteins. He said DSM still sees upside in the daily caloric intake of consumers in China, especially proteins. To feed a population of more than 1.3 billion, more agricultural products are now produced and sold in China than anywhere else, and this has boosted overall food consumption in China during the past decade. \"During the process of agricultural modernization, China's transformation can be summarized as a combination of growth and demand that is linked to income and urbanization,\" Sijbesma said. \"Those two elements came together to create the sheer size of the market.\" Sijbesma said the Belt and Road Initiative is a creative conception, committed to creating a common development of many countries and regions related to the Silk Road Economic Belt and the 21st Century Maritime Silk Road. DSM has already shipped its food, beverage and dietary supplement products from its plants in China to markets involved in the initiative, including economies in Europe, the Middle East and Southeast Asia, to further enrich its global sales network. Eager to further diversify its business, the Heerlen-headquartered group in recent years has also expanded its operations into the field of personal care, to produce skin care, sun care and shampoo. Ding Lixin, a researcher at the Chinese Academy of Agricultural Sciences in Beijing, said that for new growth drivers for China to explore home and global markets, an obvious path to take was modernization of the livestock and the food supply chain, a big area with a lot of room for investments. \"The demand for juices, soft drinks, yogurt and milk will provide a number of opportunities for the food and ingredients business,\" Ding said. \"The sector has been showing excellent potential in both domestic and overseas markets.\"", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "There is a century-old kite store at the Di'anmen West Avenue in Beijing, the only existing royal kite store in the capital. The owner is Liu Bin, who is the fourth generation inheritor of Sanshizhai kite. Sanshizhai kite, originally an entertainment item for the ancient nobles, has a history of hundreds of years, and it sustains the traditional way of making royal kite. From the framework to paste painting, it is all handmade. First, fine-quality moso bamboo is selected to dry in the shade for three years before being used to make kite. The workmanship is also quite exquisite and the pattern design on the kite contains rich cultural connotations. Sanshizhai kite, featuring a major representative of Beijing kite, has been listed as a national intangible cultural heritage item.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "BEIJING \u00a1\u00aa Beijing's box office revenue topped 3.39 billion yuan ($520 million) in 2017, up 12.1 percent year-on-year, the Beijing Municipal Administration of Press, Publication, Radio, Film and Television announced on Saturday. Statistics show that city residents made 3.51 visits to the movie theater on average last year, an increase of 11 percent compared with the year before. Box office revenue for all of China rose 13.45 percent in 2017 to more than 55.9 billion yuan ($8.6 billion), the State Administration of Press, Publication, Radio, Film and Television said earlier this week. There were 6 domestic movies that earned more than one billion yuan ($150 million) last year. Twenty-six new movie theaters were built in Beijing in 2017, and 211 screens were added, according to the municipal administration. The capital city is planning to upgrade one-third of the movie projection equipment in rural areas in 2018, and pledged to build more movie theaters in the next five years.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "China and the United States achieved positive and concrete progress in the fields of agriculture and energy during the latest round of trade consultations, with the details subject to finalization by both sides, according to a Chinese statement issued on Sunday. While acknowledging the positive development, the statement emphasized that the results achieved between China and the US should be based on the condition that the two sides meet each other halfway and agree not to engage in a trade war. If the US introduces trade sanctions, including tariff increases, all the economic and trade achievements negotiated by the two sides will not take effect, according to the statement. The statement came after Vice-Premier Liu He held talks with US Secretary of Commerce Wilbur Ross in Beijing on Saturday and Sunday. The talks were a continuation of the China-US trade and economic consultations in Washington two weeks ago. China reiterated in the statement that its attitude has been consistent and it is willing to increase imports from numerous countries around the world, including the US, to meet the Chinese people's growing demand for a better life and the requirements of high-quality economic development. Sunday's statement also emphasized that reform and opening-up as well as boosting domestic demand are China's national strategies and the established pace (of implementing the strategies) will not change. Experts viewed the statement as a reflection of China's desire to resolve the trade disputes and to respond to external challenges by firmly upholding its reform and opening-up policies. \"China is pursuing long-term goals and is trying to focus on upgrading its economy and meeting the growing demand of domestic consumers while the US is seeking short-term gains. Judging from the talk results, the country (China) has ensured its core interests,\" said Mei Xinyu, a researcher at the International Trade and Economic Cooperation Institute, part of the Ministry of Commerce. Mei pointed out that greater energy imports, such as crude oil and natural gas, from the US at reasonable prices could help China reduce its manufacturing cost and boost the sector's strength in the world market. \"China had already planned to import the goods it agreed to purchase from the US a long time ago. Therefore, it will not be an issue if China imports more US energy and agricultural products,\" he said. Dong Yan, director of the International Trade Office at the Institute of World Economics and Politics of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, said that China's reform and opening-up have been a consistent policy, which cannot be hindered by external pressure of trade conflicts. Dong warned that a trade war will not only hurt China and the US, but it will also become a drag on the global economy. \"The firm stance on opening the market wider is China's response to the challenges facing the global economy. It illustrates the country's inclusiveness to share opportunities with the rest of the world and to fulfill its responsibilities,\" she said. Zhang Yansheng, a researcher at the China Center for International Economic Exchanges, said boosting imports will be an important policy of China for the next step as it will increase the interconnection the country has with the world.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Youku, one of China's major online streaming media platforms, announced in Beijing on July 19 that its mother company, the Hangzhou-based Alibaba Group, had reached a strategic agreement with Suning Sports. The agreement will let the two sides to share copyright of sports broadcasts. Suning Sports, which is based in Nanjing, Jiangsu province, owns China's major online sports streaming platform PPTV. And it has licenses for the live broadcast of top-tier domestic European football leagues, the Chinese Super League, the AFC Champions League, and other football competitions. However, Youku, which is known for broadcasting producing online series dramas and variety shows, is a relevantly newcomer to the sports business. And it biggest sports foray was the recent 2018 FIFA World Cup when it spent 160 million yuan ($23.5 million) to get exclusive online broadcast copyright for the tournament on the Chinese mainland. According to Yang Weidong, the head of Youku, the deal between Youku and Suning Sports will also expand to many sports besides football.", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "  Overseas expansion seems to be the new buzzword for Chinese internet startups as the industry looks to reap the rewards of the rapid development in the last two decades. The huge market potential also saw the emergence of Chinese internet behemoths like Baidu Inc, Alibaba Group Holding Ltd and Tencent Holdings Ltd.  Unlike the internet giants which are focused on the domestic market, startups are looking to overseas expansion. These include bike-sharing platforms like Mobike Technology Co and Ofo Inc, tool and photography app developer Meitu Inc and live-streaming platform Yixia Tech.  What is of interest, though is that most of the founders of these firms are from the post-80s and post-90s generation, who are more clued on to the global markets.  Song Yuheng, an analyst at internet startup service provider 36Kr said in a report: \"China is now at the forefront of mobile internet development, which is fast emerging as a driver of economic growth.\"  International expansion has become a critical component in the growth strategy for Chinese internet entrepreneurs, as well as a golden opportunity to export industries with competitive advantages to foreign countries, the report said.  Bike-sharing startup Mobike is a typical example. Currently, its orange-hued dockless bikes can be found in 200 global cities, with the company owning 7 million bikes, as well as having over 200 million registered users, according to the company.  Li Yuxian, vice-president of Mobike said the company aims to operate in more cities around the world by the end of the year.  Apart from China, the firm's cycles can be found in Singapore, Malaysia, Thailand, South Korea, Japan, England, Italy and the United States. Last month, it announced its operations in Berlin, Germany.  For now, even profit has been put on hold as the company continues its global push.  \"If we want to make money, we can, but making money is not our top priority,\" said Hu Weiwei, co-founder and president of Mobike. \"Profit is not the most important goal for us at the moment. We are focused on market expansion,\" she said.  Prior to entering a new city, Mobike said it will first conduct a detailed survey of the urban environment and communicate with the local government and transportation management departments to create a development plan.  The reason for its internationalization strategy is obvious. By July, major Chinese cities had reached a saturation point. There were up to 70 bike-sharing brands with 16 million cycles on the roads for a customer base of about 130 million, according to data from the Ministry of Transport.  Mobike's rival Ofo has also accelerated its expansion in overseas markets. It has more than 10 million bikes in 13 countries and in September officially launched services in the Czech Republic, Italy, Russia and the Netherlands.  Founded in 2014, the Beijing-based company is valued at more than $2 billion after raising $700 million in its latest round of financing in July.  The company aims to roll out 20 million bikes in 200 cities across the world by the end of the year after moving into markets in the United States, the United Kingdom, Singapore, Kazakhstan, Thailand, Malaysia, Japan and Austria.  \"Our platform was created with the ambition of improving the environment globally by introducing low-carbon transportation to urban dwellers,\" said Dai Wei, founder and CEO of Ofo.  Statistics from Beijing-based market consultancy iResearch showed that Chinese internet companies have expanded their presence in Japan, South Korea, Europe, the United States, Southeast Asia, Latin America, Middle East and North Africa. The number of these enterprises has surpassed 6,000, with over 10,000 products in overseas markets.  As a global mobile internet platform and innovator in mobile video and photography, Meitu's apps are used by more than 450 million monthly active users worldwide, generating more than 6 billion photos and videos each month. The company's internationalization has highlighted the huge market potential for Chinese mobile apps outside the country.  Its photo and video editing apps use patented facial recognition and machine learning algorithms to map each user's facial features, offering a precise and natural virtual makeup application and retouching for each user's unique skin tone and facial structure.  Established in 2008, the Xiamen-based company made its debut on the Hong Kong bourse last December. Currently, it has expanded into 26 countries and has more than 10 million active users in countries like India, Indonesia, Japan, Malaysia and Thailand.  The company is also stepping up efforts to gain more overseas users, said its chairman Cai Wensheng, adding the expansion will entail opening new offices, possibly in Europe, and offering localized versions of its products.  \"It is the best time for online video and entertainment industry to go global as the contents are interlinked,\" said Han Kun, CEO of Yixia Tech, the provider of the live streaming application Yizhibo.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "In recent years, education in Lhasa, capital of the Tibet autonomous region, has made great achievements in terms of quality, teaching and vocational training, and has forged a modern comprehensive system covering all subjects and ages, the regional government said. In 2012, the government launched an education center with investment of more than 5.9 billion yuan ($878 million) to accelerate educational reform and development. The second phase of construction is in progress. Two middle schools have been established in Lhasa with the aid of Beijing and Jiangsu province, both of which invested more than 200 million yuan and dispatched first-class teachers and administrators to provide assistance. Liu Yanning, an official with the Lhasa education bureau, said the schools are advanced in every facet, including educational concepts, teaching methods and facilities. They have created a new model for educational assistance in Tibet. \"In the past, the local people sent their children to schools outside Tibet so they could receive a better education. Now, with these schools in place, our children can share the same quality resources as their counterparts in Beijing and Jiangsu,\" she said. The Lhasa Beijing Experimental School has 48 teachers from Beijing, and the Lhasa Jiangsu Experimental School has 47 educators from six cities in the province. They have improved the local students' academic performances, with 81 percent from the Beijing school and 66 percent from the Jiangsu school gaining places at universities in 2017. In 2016, the central government launched a project to send 800 teachers from middle and primary schools in 17 provinces and regions to Tibet every year to provide educational assistance. According to the Ministry of Education, the project has promoted in-depth exchanges and development between the non-Tibetan educators and local teachers and students. Lhasa's education center also has a continuing education school, where the new teachers help to tutor local educators. \"By visiting our classrooms, they can understand the current level of education in Lhasa, and then integrate their educational concepts so local teachers can become better and faster,\" Liu said. According to the 13th Five-Year Plan for Education Development (2016-20) proposed by Tibet, the region's level of education is expected to match the national average by next year.", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "I checked in at a budget hotel along the North Fifth Ring Road in Beijing when China's top political advisory body started its annual session on Saturday. The hotel is a 20-minute walk from the Beijing Conference Center, where many members of the 13th National Committee of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference are gathering for group discussions on major issues through March 15. Booking the hotel saved me the trouble of spending three hours a day in a taxi between home and the conference center. It also means I made a choice to leave my 11-month-old baby to a nanny during the days and nights while I am covering the meeting. In first-tier cities like Beijing, the typical monthly salary for a nanny who lives with their employer is about 6,000 yuan ($950), tax free. For a higher-skilled nanny with the experience of taking care of at least two babies below the age of 6 months, the salary is at least 8,000 yuan. I am grateful to my nanny despite her salary taking a large part of mine. Without her, I'd have to quit my job. As China has eased family planning restrictions to allow two children for all couples, a noticeably growing number of working mothers are hiring nannies or sending their children to daycare centers or kindergartens. The issue of preschool education raised the concern of Liu Yan, a professor of the faculty of education at Beijing Normal University and a CPPCC National Committee member. In an interview with me after group discussions on Sunday, Liu said a procedure should be established to negotiate and share the cost of baby care for children ages 1 to 3 among different parties, including the government, families and enterprises. In a proposal submitted to the CPPCC National Committee this year, she also called for pay raises for kindergarten teachers. Despite their professional training, most of kindergarten teachers are paid far less than nannies. The average salary of a teacher at private kindergarten is between 1,500 and 3,000 yuan per month. The teachers at public kindergartens who are hired through the procedures for quota restricted staffing at public institutions have higher salaries - roughly the same as the average salary of primary and secondary school teachers in the same city, county or town. But due to staffing quota restrictions, those higher-paid teachers only account for about 20 percent of all public kindergarten teachers, Liu said. \"The key to increase people's satisfaction with preschool education is to raise teachers' salaries industrywide,\" she said. Hopefully, her proposals will benefit preschool teachers - and, eventually, our children. Contact the writer at jiangxueqing@chinadaily.com.cn ", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "  As a part of the trip, Fekete will stay with a Chinese family in Beijing on this Saturday. \"Compared with studying Chinese in foreign countries, international students can learn a great deal when they spend time with Chinese people immersing in surrounding Chinese culture,\"Ogarek Marta Barbara, a teacher accompanying the Polish students on the program, said.  Ogarek now works for the Confucius Institute in Krakow, the second largest city in Poland.  \"The institute organizes Polish students to visit China every summer,\" she said in fluent Chinese.  A total of 17 Polish students participate in the program, with most visiting China for the first time. \"Something happened which makes students excited and surprised during the trip, they ask me a heap of questions every day,\" Ogarek noted. \"They didn't know much about China except Chinese food and kungfu. Through the well-scheduled trip, they will obtain a more vivid view of life in China than the internet gives them,\"she said. The summer camp program includes visiting places of interest, art appreciation and viewing folk customs, as well as attending the cultural corner and specially-prepared group activities without borders. About 120 students from seven countries, who are either registered students at Confucius Institutes or students of primary and secondary school courses of Confucius Institutes attend the BFSU summer camp this year.  In a painting class on Monday, Adam Chimielecki drew a picture of a Chinese Panda.  Before coming to Beijing for summer camp, 18-year-old Adam has studied Chinese for two years, and said he had never tried to craft a Chinese painting.  Li He, an art teacher at the summer camp, said he designed lessons in accordance with an easy-to-difficult schedule.  \"It's not easy to international students to grasp the essentials of wash painting in the limited period of time, from careful control of ink tone, unrestrained brushwork, and no unessential brush strokes,\" he said. However, Li add students learnt the techniques well and their panda works are always beyond his expectations.  \"By practicing more, the students learn faster,\" he said. Adam said he has been crazy at reading Chinese masterpiece Art of War since he was a little boy. He added he was also fascinated with Chinese traditional medicine under the influence of his father and fond of Chinese point of view of the world.  \"Chinese people like to play tai chi or martial arts. They are pleasant, positive and polite,\" he said. The summer camp is also an incredible experience to make more friends similar in age. During the cultural corner activity, students from different countries share the most characteristic clothes, food and games with their global peers.  \"They gather, talk with each other and listen to music,\" Margot Bremner, a teacher accompanying students from London for the third time, said. \"They get the freedom to meet more new friends without nationalities.\"  Just four days after this summer camp begins, another summer camp targeted on Confucius institutes from central and eastern European countries will have an opening ceremony at the BFSU campus.  \"BFSU is one of the few major universities in the country that have the resources to teach less commonly taught languages, so it can help set up Confucius Institute in countries such as Hungary, Poland, Bulagria, Italy and so on,\" Zhu Qi, who works at BFSU Confucius Institute and in charge of the summer camp programs, said. ", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "A system to help Beijing courts share resources of technical investigators during intellectual property cases was nearly ready, the municipal high people's court said on Friday. To effectively improve handling of some difficult IP disputes, courts citywide have been encouraged to invite experts attend case hearings to help judges understand and study technical details, according to a statement of the Beijing High People's Court. \"For example, Haidian District People's Court has invited technical investigators to participate in its hearings, and they are asked to prepare reports of technical key points in intellectual property cases for judges,\" said Yang Boyong, chief judge of the intellectual property division at the court. It was the first time that technical investigator were used in a court at district level across the country, he added. Fengtai District People's Court also made full use of technical investigators, asking them and other advisers to help judges verify the effect of electronic evidence, the statement said. \"All the moves are to ensure the quality of IP case hearings as well as to improve the judicial efficiency,\" said Yang. Last year, the capital's courts heard 41,320 IP cases, up 43.1 percent year-on-year, and they concluded 37,522 of the total, a 38.7 percent increase year-on-year, it added.", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "  China's environmental authority found 248 companies in violation of standards during the latest round of air pollution inspection, of which over 100 were found to have discharged pollutants excessively.  Inspection teams in 28 cities in the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region and nearby provinces of Henan, Shandong and Shanxi have inspected 396 companies, of which 248 were found breaking the rules, the Ministry of Environmental Protection said in a statement on Thursday night.  The ministry launched the largest-ever inspection on the northern region to control air pollution, with a first group of more than 220 inspectors visiting the 28 cities since April 8. It released its findings on violations each day.  Most recently, the ministry's inspectors found a limestone factory in Beijing's Shunyi district did not have pollution control facilities and seemed to have used some machines that had already been sealed by local authorities, inspectors found.  In Tianjin, a wooden door maker was operating with neither environmental permission nor pollution controls.  The inspectors have reported the problems to local authorities for further investigation, the statement said.   ", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "BEIJING - It took Smash customer Qiu Siyu just a few sharp blows with a baseball bat to wreck what looked like an old car radio, after which two friends battered telephones, audio speakers, rice cookers and even a mannequin. All three paid 158 yuan ($23) to spend half an hour in an \"anger room\" in Beijing, where patrons wearing protective gear use hammers and bats to vent their frustration on household objects while staff play music of their choice in the background. Qiu, a bespectacled 16-year-old high school student with braces, said she was there to vent anger about school. \"It feels so good when I destroy those bottles and watch them explode,\" she said, smiling sweetly. Since the venture opened in September, customers have smashed around 15,000 bottles every month, said 25-year-old Jin Meng, who co-founded Smash with her friends. Not intended to promote violence, Smash aims to help people deal with the pressures of living in big cities like Beijing, Jin said, adding that their target customers are between 20 and 35 years old. Another customer, Liu Chao, 32, looked relaxed and pleased after his session. \"If you have money, you can smash anything - smash some TVs, computers, wine bottles, furniture, mannequins, but the only thing you can't do is to smash someone,\" said Liu. Similar ventures already exist in other countries, including the United States. Jin said around 600 people visit Smash each month. \"A woman brought all her wedding photos here, and she smashed them all. We welcome people to bring their own stuff,\" Jin said. \"Every time when we come across cases like this, they affirm our belief that we've provided a safe place to let out negative energy. And we are happy for that.\" In Beijing, Jin said her next step is to open a new anger room in a shopping mall where people can take a break from their shopping to smash a bottle or two.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Construction of the Beijing-Zhangjiakou high-speed railway is making smooth progress, with land requisitions and demolition work almost finished along the Beijing section, the city's urban development authority said on Wednesday.  The 174-kilometer railway between Beijing and Zhangjia-kou in Hebei province - scheduled to begin operating at the end of 2019 - involves a construction corridor extending almost 64 km from Beijing's downtown to its northwest Yanqing district, with the rest of the line winding through the mountains of Hebei.  With support from local governments, affected residents and construction contractors, 98 percent of the land needed along the line in Beijing has been acquired, and demolitions of buildings within the area are now complete, according to the Beijing Municipal Commission of Housing and Urban Development.  \"Contractors now have no barrier to moving forward,\" said Zhou Hui, deputy director of the commission's railway engineering department.  The project, which kicked off in early 2016, is a key piece of transport infrastructure for the 2022 Beijing Winter Olympics, which will be staged at three venue clusters - in Beijing's downtown, in Yanqing and in Zhangjiakou.  Once the 53.5 billion yuan ($7.8 billion) project is completed, it will significantly boost the local economy and people's livelihoods in the mountainous northern region by smoothing out traffic, local officials said.  \"Residents are very supportive of the project and cooperate actively with us to move from their homes and deal with the reallocation procedure,\" said Cheng Zhimin, deputy director of the Yanqing Transportation Bureau.  Using the new railway, people will need only 20 minutes to travel from Beijing downtown to Yanqing, the proposed venue area for the Alpine skiing, bobsled and luge events of the 2022 Winter Games.  All 203 households from 20 communities in the construction strip in Yanqing had moved to temporary housing by April, emptying the area ahead of schedule for construction, according to the bureau.  \"The primary concern was where we would live after the demolition,\" said He Qiuzhi, a woman from Dafutuo village, which is on the line in Yanqing.  Her six-member family has been allocated six apartments, along with 1.1 million yuan in monetary compensation. ", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "The annual Francophonie Festival kicked off in Beijing last month, with variety of activities in the field of music, art, book, cinema and sport. Chinese actor Huang Jue, ambassador of the festival, shared his insights on French culture and Chinese films in an interview with China Daily website. He said while there were differences between China and France, \"essentially both Chinese and French films were about people.\" Guest: Huang Jue Reporter: Zhang Xingjian Camera: Fu Rui Editing: Yu Xiaoou Subtitles: Yang Xiaoyu Executive Producer: Feng Minghui", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Transport industry insiders and experts from China and abroad envisioned solutions to increasingly serious traffic congestion in big cities at a conference in Beijing last week. \"The city will need a central nervous system to give order to, dispatch and schedule entire transportation systems accordingly, to ensure the best experience, most efficient and safest transport mode,\" Liu Zhenfei, president of Alibaba mapping unit AutoNavi Software \u00a1\u00aa also known at Gaode Map \u00a1\u00aa said at the 2018 Summit on the Future of Transportation. Traffic congestion has become a serious issue in China due to the rapid rise in car ownership. Gaode released a list of the 10 Chinese cities with the worst congestion at the summit on Thursday, with Beijing, Guangzhou in Guangdong province and Jinan in Shandong province occupying the top three spots. Liu used five scenarios to show how the future city brain could dispatch transportation. \"Commuters traveling more than 100 kilometers can take flying vehicles, and the city brain is playing the role of intelligent air traffic control,\" he said. \"Thanks to the brain's schedule, the frequency of dispatching flying vehicles will be much higher than airplanes nowadays. And importantly, no delays.\" People commuting 50 to 100 km will take super-high-speed trains. The city's brain will arrange a precise number of trains to meet demand and schedule departure times. There will be no ticket shortage at peak hours and no empty trains wasting money at off-peak times. Commuters traveling between 20 and 50 km will take intelligent buses dispatched by the city brain, while those traveling 5 to 20 km will take autonomous vehicles. The brain will calculate the best route and timing to avoid traffic congestion and maximize the number of passengers carried. Commuters traveling less than 5 km will ride shared bikes, with the brain using data to ensure a sufficient number are deployed to meet riders' needs, Liu said. Knut Sauer, co-founder of Arrivo, a startup in the United States focused on high-speed urban transport networks, said a solution to traffic congestion is to add a seamless, high-speed super urban network layer to existing infrastructure. \"The speed depends on how much money you invest,\" he said. Until June 2016, Sauer was vice-president of business development at Hyperloop One, a main player in the development of next-generation transportation. He said the new system will increase the throughput of vehicles and improve efficiency to curb traffic congestion. Sauer showed an artist's impression of autonomous vehicles traveling in a tube, with regular cars on parallel freeways. Sauer envisioned transportation in Beijing in 2040 using the technology. \"In 20 minutes, you can be anywhere in Beijing,\" he said.", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "German sportswear brand Adidas on Friday rolled out experiential campaign Republic of Sports in Beijing, as it seeks to continue to drive the growth in China. Seeing the growing enthusiasm for sports in China, Adidas will carry out the two-month sports event from Beijing to Guangzhou in Guangdong province, from Chengdu in Sichuan province to Shanghai. The event, which will take place in a custom-made facility, will showcase the brand\u00a1\u00afs key categories of soccer, basketball, running, training and outdoor via a wide range of live events. Themed \u00a1\u00b0Creators in Progress\u00a1\u00b1, the event will provide a timetable of activities for fans, including rock climbing, fitness classes, basketball matches as well as interactive experiences. Adidas, which launched the Republic of Sports event in China in 2016, aims to roll its sports concept out to cover key cities across the country. It is also part of Adidas ambitious plan to become the nation\u00a1\u00afs best sports brand by 2020. Last month, the company reported better-than-expected first quarter net profits as the business grow rapidly in China and North America. Adidas said its net income surged to 542 million euros ($628 million) in the first quarter, up by 17 percent year on year. The company claimed it saw especially powerful sales growth in greater China at 26 percent.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": " Wearing curly white hair, Roger T. Ames spoke slowly in Chinese at the eighth annual meeting of the Academy for International Communication of Chinese Culture, part of Beijing Normal University, in late November in Beijing. The Toronto-born Sinologist, 70, whose Chinese name is An Lezhe, is a professor emeritus at the University of Hawaii. In 1966, when he visited Hong Kong as an exchange student, his roommate gave him  . He plunged into Chinese philosophy thereafter. Taught by the leading figures of China's contemporary Neo-Confucianism movement, Ames got to know about an academic world that was different from the one built by Greek philosophers Plato and Aristotle. He studied Sino-Western comparative philosophy and translated Chinese classics such as   and   into English. Ames' translation of a well-known poem by Chinese poet Su Shi of the Song Dynasty (960-1279) showed it bore an understanding similarly expressed later in Western literature, implying that two worlds exist\u00a3\u00adone outside and one inside and that one should go to outside to see clearly what is inside. Ames says the world is a system of \"intranational relations\" rather than international, and while \"inter\" puts independent things together to build new relations, \"intra\" seeks to develop existing relations. And, as an expert on comparative philosophy, this is the view he holds while looking at China's Belt and Road Initiative. \"The concept of international relations is based on individualism,\" he says, adding that as a result a binary opposition of \"stand or fall\" has been created. The world is one community with multiple countries, and people should pursue and develop the \"intra\" relations with mutual understanding and trust, he adds. Ames says China is less confident about its culture after witnessing a century of foreign invasions in modern history. \"Chinese culture is rooted in people's life and language. Yet, with the rapid economic development and changes in society, the younger generation may get lost.\" \"The world is calling for the success of the Belt and Road Initiative. Chinese culture is also a cultural resource for the world and this should be China's part of the contribution, just like Beethoven's music not only belongs to the Germans but the whole world.\" ", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "With a bunch of smartphone-based apps enabling people to rent a wide range of items, China is embracing a new age of business and convenience. Buoyed by successful startups such as bike-sharing giant Ofo Inc and ride-hailing titan Didi Chuxing, the tide of the sharing economy is sweeping across China, helping transform the country into a global innovation leader, expanding business far more rapidly than its foreign counterparts. The magical sharing mode is being used to rent an ever-growing list of items. Bicycles, homes, car rides, everyday clothing, basketballs, umbrellas ... by simply scanning the QR codes in stations via their smartphones or logging on the apps or mini sites of Tencent Holdings Ltd's WeChat platform, users can conveniently access almost anything they need in major cities. Nationwide, sharing economy transactions were worth about 3.45 trillion yuan ($522.8 billion) in 2016, according to a report jointly released by the State Information Center and the Internet Society of China. Seeing the big potential for new business, the Chinese government expects to grow the transactions of sharing economy by 40 percent year-on-year over the next few years. By 2020, it is expected to account for more than 10 percent of China's gross domestic product. China's GDP was 74.41 trillion yuan last year and is projected to grow 6-7 percent annually over the next few years. In June, the central government approved a guideline to boost the booming sharing economy. The guideline encouraged entrepreneurs to start businesses related to the sharing economy, and the authorities will gradually remove the industrial and regional barriers to its sustainable development. Shared self-service mini-gyms are the new trend on the increasing list of sharable services. For around 6 yuan per half hour, users are able to rent mini-gym booths in nearby residential neighborhoods for exercise and bodybuilding. Since June this year, the shared booths, which resemble phone booths, have been rolled out in communities in Beijing, Shanghai, Hangzhou of Zhejiang province, Shenzhen of Guangdong province and Nanjing of Jiangsu province. Covering around five square meters of space, the self-service shared booths are equipped with basic fitness equipment such as a treadmill, air conditioner, air purifier and a high-definition screen to listen to music or watch videos. After paying the needed deposit, users can then book the nearest booth to head to and scan the access code with smartphones. Bi Zhen, CEO of Beijing-based fitness startup Misspao, said the self-service pods actually cater to people's increasing need for sports and exercise. \"Our company's survey revealed that 95 percent of the investigated people need exercise, while only 10 percent of them have the gym membership. Due to the heavy workload, many of them lack time to take exercise frequently. And that's exactly what we can offer. Even busy people can enjoy the convenience brought by the private fitness booths in the residential communities,\" Bi said. The company said the cost per fitness pod is around 10,000 yuan to 15,000 yuan, and the company can earn 60 yuan per machine per day. That means it can yield high rates of return, with break-even in six to eight months. The company has raised a total number of around 100 million yuan investment, including the latest 75 million yuan series A round of financing. According to Bi, the company has signed up more than 2,000 residential communities domestically and placed more than 200 self-service fitness booths. And it is expected to roll out 3,000 pods in 10 cities nationwide before the next Spring Festival in February. The shared fitness booths service is part of the broader sharing-economy boom sweeping across China and integrating into existing industry. Fueled by supportive government policies and blossoming internet technologies such as mobile payments, new sharing products will gradually pop up across the country to cater to people's growing need for high-quality lives. Zhang Xu, a Beijing-based internet analyst, said as China's great demographic dividend begins to disappear, it is important to develop new economy to cut overcapacity and generate sustainable long-term growth. \"Sharing economy will innovate the way traditional industry works, as the new type of economy will gradually transform the former one,\" Zhang added.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Authorities said \"excessive restoration\" of the Great Wall will be avoided in the future to help preserve its historical integrity. Song Xinchao, deputy director of the National Cultural Heritage Administration, was replying to a question from China Daily at a news conference in Beijing on Thursday. Thirteen years in the making, the national-level Great Wall comprehensive conservation plan was released by the administration and the Ministry of Culture and Tourism on Tuesday. It will be used to guide restoration, management of public access and academic research until 2035. \"Many people have biased understandings,\" Song said. \"They confuse restoration of the wall with development of a tourist attraction.\" He said that restorations of the main structures are often not differentiated from general construction work. \"Many restorers have stereotyped ideas that every section of the Great Wall should be like Badaling in Beijing,\" he said. \"That leads to many problems.\" In 2015, restoration of a section of the Great Wall in Suizhong county, Liaoning province, aroused widespread anger online after portions were paved over with cement, destroying its original facade. A collapsed gate along the Great Wall in Shanyin county, Shanxi province, was worked on in 2017, but it was widely criticized for its unattractive appearance. In the new plan, the principle of minimum intervention is emphasized. \"For those portions that have become ruins, the priority is to avoid or slow down their disappearance. Massive restoration is not suitable in such cases,\" the document said. The cultural heritage administration organized a nationwide survey of the Great Wall from 2006 to 2010, and a digital database of the structure was created in 2015. The comprehensive conservation plan was approved by the State Council earlier this month. According to the survey, more than 21,000 kilometers of the Great Wall survive in 15 provincial-level administrative regions across China. This includes 8,800 km built during the Ming Dynasty (1368-1644), with the most familiar sections to tourists constructed with bricks. However, in earlier dynasties, earth and stone were major building materials. In some western provinces, portions were even constructed by mixing sand and vegetation. \"We will enhance the expertise among restorers, though no uniform standards for fixing the Great Wall should be set. However, more scientific guidance is needed to encourage each section to use standards based on its own characteristics and materials,\" Song said. Liu Yuzhu, director of the administration, said the Great Wall is not only an architectural wonder but also a landmark that promotes national pride. For example, Chinese soldiers fought Japanese forces in 1933 along the Great Wall near Beijing. \"The Great Wall is deeply rooted in Chinese people's hearts as a form of spiritual strength,\" Liu said. \"In the new conservation plan, nongovernmental efforts are encouraged to organize more protection for the structure and promote educational programs.\" Liu said that about 100 million yuan ($14.7 million) has been allocated annually to protect the Great Wall in recent years, and most funds have been spent on key sections. But many local patrols overseeing the structure still lack sufficient financial support. \"Now that the conservation plan has been released, local governments can put more emphasis on the work,\" Liu said. Beijing has set an example by including payment for patrols made up of local residents. There are more than 3,000 such patrols registered nationwide. The Great Wall was named a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1987, one of the earliest in China to achieve the honor. The China Foundation for Cultural Heritage Conservation joined hands with US technology giant Intel in 2018 to use artificial intelligence and aerial drones to monitor sections of the Great Wall near Beijing and help facilitate future restoration work. Research institutes from China and the United Kingdom have also been holding regular symposiums since 2017 to improve protection of the Great Wall, as well as Hadrian's Wall, which was built by the Romans in northern England.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era is China's Marxism in the 21st century with originality and features of the era, a senior Communist Party of China official says. Xi's Thought should be fully learned, since it makes a major, original contribution to developing Marxism, said Wang Huning, a member of the Standing Committee of the CPC Central Committee Political Bureau, while addressing a symposium in Beijing on Friday on the recent publication of the second volume of the book  .     In addition, Xi's Thought offers an action guide for the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation and sheds light on the direction for building a community with a shared future for mankind, said Wang. Following publication of the book's first volume in 2014, the second volume was published earlier this month by the Beijing-based Foreign Languages Press in Chinese and English language editions. The second volume collects 99 of Xi's speeches, conversations, instructions and letters between Aug 18, 2014, and Sept 29 this year. The CPC Central Committee's Publicity Department and Organization Department jointly issued a notice recently, instructing Party organizations at all levels to take the book's two volumes as authoritative books for getting the gist of Xi's Thought and that of the 19th CPC National Congress. Wang called for great efforts in using the book's essence to ensure that the Party's innovative theories effectively boost thinking, guide practices and promote works. The second volume offers a record of how the CPC Central Committee, with Xi Jinping at its core, led nationwide efforts in developing socialism with Chinese characteristics, and it shows the evolution and fruits of Xi's Thought, Wang said. The volume also displays China's wisdom and solutions for building a community with a shared future for mankind and for boosting peace and development, Wang said. Publicity abroad for the two volumes should be reinforced to boost global understanding of Xi's Thought, Wang added. Huang Kunming, head of the CPC Central Committee's Publicity Department, said Party officials should take the lead in translating what they learn into political capability and governing capacities.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "The average person in the United States watches more than four hours of TV a day, or two months of nonstop watching per year. And in a 65-year life, that person will have spent nine years glued to the tube, according to AC Nielsen Co. If US President Donald Trump's proposed tariffs of 25 percent against China go into effect, watching a new high-definition, flat-panel screen could cost more. How much more? There's no consensus on a figure, just that it will be higher. If the full cost of the tariffs is passed on to consumers, a new television would be about $140 more, said Paul Gagnon, an analyst with data firm IHS Markit. \"On a $4,000 TV ... the tariffs might have a several hundred-dollar price impact,\" said David French, senior vice-president for government relations at the National Retail Federation, an advocacy group. The levy could mean higher prices by 4 percent overall and 23 percent for TVs from China, according to a report commissioned by the Consumer Technology Association and another association. TVs and related components are among the more than 1,300 products from China, valued at $50 billion, which would be subject to the 25 percent tariff announced by the Trump administration. Last year, of the 41.5 million TVs exported to the US, about 47 percent were imported from China, according to Bob O'Brien, president of Display Supply Chain Consultants, a market research firm. He said the value of TVs imported from China last year totaled about $4 billion, which would be subject to Trump's tariff. So TV makers who export their products from China to the US would have to pay $1 billion. Gary Shapiro, chief executive of the CTA, told The Wall Street Journal that the tariffs could affect this year's holiday shopping season because retailers are now starting to plan their orders for the end-of-year rush. \"The uncertainty level is extraordinarily high,\" Shapiro said. \"There's potential this could be a major hit to the pocketbooks of Americans, based on what we're seeing right now,\" said Jack Cutts, senior director of business research at the CTA. China exported around 80 million TVs globally last year, with nearly 30 percent, or 23 million, shipped to the US, according to the Beijing-based market researcher Sigmaintell Consulting. That represented $3.9 billion worth of televisions.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "  LOS ANGELES - While scores of little white Christmas lights still twinkled along the streets of Beverly Hills on Friday night, the affluent Southern California city was embracing another holiday tradition: Chinese Lunar New Year.  In the gilt-trimmed lobby of Beverly Hills' historic Saban Theater, gold-tasseled red lanterns, emblematic of Chinese New Year, swayed above the capacity crowd that had gathered to experience a taste of one of China's most important holidays.  \"The best thing about this event is that it allows us to bring China's wonderful culture and traditions to Beverly Hills,\" said Julie Wagner, event chairwoman of the Beverly Hills Club.  \"It gives Beverly Hills residents a feel for what the Chinese are all about and of the beauty, history, art, and culture they have to share with us,\" she said.  For the last eight years, Beverly Hills has been honoring the Chinese New Year by hosting a special VIP celebration that's grown in scope and popularity every year. Last year, the demand for tickets was so great, the event was expanded to two days to accommodate the more than 1,000 attendees.  John Mirisch, the former mayor and now vice-mayor of Beverly Hills, said his city enjoys a great relationship with China.  \"We welcome the Chinese, and think sharing some of their interesting cultural experiences with American audiences right here in Beverly Hills makes us understand and appreciate each other more,\" he said with a smile.  Alan and Sandy Kroll, two local residents in their 70s, who visited China many years ago, said: \"We live in Beverly Hills and came out to support our community and revisit China.\"  Since 2014, Beverly Hills has shared a close relationship with Beijing, and that relationship has grown to include Tianjin, the neighboring municipality, and Hebei, the surrounding province.  This year's Beverly Hills Chinese New Year was titled, \"Charming Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei\" in honor of the deepening ties between Beverly Hills and their Chinese co-sponsors, and included a photo exhibit from the three interconnected regions, plus demonstrations of delicate Chinese paper-cutting techniques and the ancient art of calligraphy.  The show itself featured a festive line up of traditional Chinese folk-dances, musical acts, Peking Opera, tai chi and martial arts performances. Relationships with prominent Chinese cultural organizations enabled the hosts to access top Chinese talent for the event.  Through the support of the Beijing, Tianjin and Hebei Associations for Cultural Exchange, the evening featured a stellar line up of Chinese artists, including vocalists Shan Dai and Yin Zhuojin, the Hebei Acrobatic Troupe, the Beijing Dance Troupe and the Girls Crystal Band.  Volunteers from the audience were invited on stage to learn a simple martial arts move from the master, to the great amusement of the audience.  One of the volunteers said: \"What a great night. Who ever thought I'd be on stage in such an amazing ceremony, holding swords. I never had so much fun.\"  Xinhua        (China Daily 01/29/2019 page10)", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "The Beijing Book Building opened to the public on May 8, 1998, as seen in the item from China Daily. It was the country's largest book retailer at that time with a floor area of 50,000 square meters. One year later, the bookstore opened an online shop, with a growing number of people turning to tablets or smartphones for information. It was one of the country's first brick-and-mortar bookshops to go online. In 2017, it launched automatic bookselling machines. With technology, such as artificial intelligence and the internet, the bookstore provides readers with a brand-new environment. Like the Beijing Book Building, physical bookstores have changed their business models and operations to attract readers. The latest survey on reading habits from the Chinese Academy of Press and Publication showed nearly 81 percent of adult respondents read digitally, including online, mobile, digital readers and tablets, last year, while the proportion was less than 25 percent in 2009. The survey found that Chinese adults on average read 7.99 books last year, including 3.32 digital copies, while younger people, ages up to 17, read 8.91 books, a slight increase from the previous year. In recent years, digital reading has grown steadily across the country, according to the academy. The annual Government Work Report in March referred to \"championing a culture of reading\" for the sixth year since 2014. There were 225,000 bookstores and sales outlets in the country by the end of last year, up by 4.3 percent over 2017. Total sales of publications in the domestic retail sector reached 158 billion yuan ($23.3 billion), year-on-year growth of 11.3 percent, official data showed.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "China's commitment to opening-up and win-win collaboration is very exciting for international companies, including GSK, said Emma Walmsley, CEO of GlaxoSmithKline, at the sidelines of the China Development Forum in Beijing on Saturday. \"I am absolutely delighted to be here. I think it (the China Development Forum) is wonderful. This event has been going on for 20 years. You get a really strong sense of how China is committed to opening-up and win-win collaboration. There is a lot of discussion of teamwork and partnership, so that's very exciting,\" Walmsley said. As a healthcare company, GSK is very excited to see how deregulation has been progressing in China over the last two years to really drive forward support for more innovationto come through and they expect that to continue. Walmsley said what was also exciting in China is how innovative the country is becoming in its own right, particularly when you think about the digital China agenda and the country's new capabilities in AI and machine learning. Through a real openness to partnership and shared learning, more achievements will be made altogether, Walmsley added. In terms of intellectual property protection, Walsley also recognized China's real commitment to continue to make progress on these kinds of issues - which matter for many industries - and emphasized mutual trust is important for sustainable innovation and investment.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "  JD.com Inc, China's second-biggest internet retailer, is launching a new site on its online platform targeting property buyers in association with leading developers, even as the red-hot housing market in the country appears to be cooling on the back of curbs. The company said it would take steps to integrate online and offline real estate businesses by creating a one-stop service platform that would integrate its capacities in marketing, services and the supply chain. JD.com will also establish a specialized team to work with other property companies in fields such as commercial real estate, tourism real estate, real estate for senior citizens and overseas real estate, as well as to develop in-depth tailor-made properties for consumers. The company also inked a strategic partnership with Country Garden Group, a property development firm based in Guangdong province, to launch a batch of high-quality houses and offer discounts to boost property sales during the upcoming Singles Day shopping spree. \"We want to position ourselves as a service provider for property developers and will jointly explore new business models with our partners in the future,\" said Zeng Fuhu, general manager of JD.com's real estate business unit. Currently there are 82 property sellers and 35 service providers on the platform, covering 2,027 projects in more than 20 cities, according to JD.com. \"JD.com has an upper hand in analyzing the consumption abilities and preferences of consumers and it can send matching property information to the sellers using big data,\" said Guo Yi, marketing director at Yahao Real Estate Selling and Consulting Solution Agency in Beijing. Guo said whether the cooperation can succeed depends on how JD.com chooses real estate sellers and sends accurate property information to prospective buyers. Apart from the housing sales market, JD.com has also entered the housing rental sector. Beijing Jingdong Shangke Information Technology, a subsidiary affiliated to JD.com, has won a bid from the Beijing housing rental supervision platform to provide technical support, according to an announcement on the official website of Beijing Municipal Commission of Housing and Urban-Rural Development. The announcement said the company has accumulated rich experience in internet technology application, especially big data and identity authentication. Another e-commerce giant Alibaba Group Holding Ltd has also entered the country's housing rental market. The technology giant signed an agreement with the Hangzhou city government to use the company's technology to create an online system for house rentals in August. People seeking houses for rent in Hangzhou, Zhejiang province, would be able to use the application and website created by Alibaba for every stage in the process, from searching for apartments to signing contracts and payment.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Artworks and performances go on tour, delighting audiences, ahead of 70th anniversary of diplomatic relations. Flourishing cultural exchanges have been held in China and Hungary to promote mutual understanding between the two nations in recent years. The Beijing Film and TV International Show lifted the curtain in Budapest, Hungary, on April 23. The show kicked off with performances prepared by Hungarian dancers and pop singers, before showing trailers of Chinese productions. \"Within the framework of the Belt and Road Initiative, more and more Chinese film and TV productions have become accessible for Hungarians,\" said Wang Wei, director of planning and development for the Beijing Municipal Radio and Television Bureau. \"This kind of cultural exchange can facilitate interpersonal bonds between Hungarian and Chinese and will create a solid base for further cooperation between the two countries,\" he stressed. Maria Pap, an official from the Hungarian National Tourist Office, said: \"Budapest is a very important tourist attraction and destination here in Central Europe. I am delighted to see more and more Chinese tourists coming to Hungary.\" It was one of many events to demonstrate Chinese culture and China's unique landscapes to Hungarian people in recent times. Organized by Beijing's culture and tourism bureau, a promotional event named Charming Beijing was held in Budapest in March. Representatives from the bureau hosted in-depth discussions with local tourism businesses aiming to further expand partnerships. Forty images of historical landmarks in Beijing including the Forbidden City and the Great Wall were displayed. Organized by the Hungarian-Chinese Cultural Association, a three-day Chinese Spring Festival celebration took place in Hungary in January with the support of the Chinese embassy in Hungary.,The festival celebration had a panda exhibition, a cultural heritage exhibition that included painting and calligraphy, a tea ceremony and tea tasting, and a demonstration of traditional Chinese medicine. A special zodiac stamp issued in honor of the 2019 Chinese Year of the Pig was presented during the event. On the red stamp, a chubby pig can be seen covered in a flower motif, under a sign saying \"Year of Pig 2019\". It is the sixth edition of a Hungarian stamp commemorating the Chinese Spring Festival since the first was issued in 2014, the Year of Horse. Dancers, singers and musicians from Northwest China's Gansu province staged a performance entitled Magical Silk Road. It was inspired by the famous Dunhuang frescoes, which attracted more than 600 people in June 2018 in Hungary. Hungary, known for its abundant cultural and natural resources, and as the home of poet Sandor Petofi, was also keen to present its culture to Chinese people.,A Hungarian contemporary art exhibition in Chengdu, Sichuan province, which ran from March 29 to April 20, presented the work of six Hungarian artists. The Modern Art Exhibition of Hungary, which took place at the National Art Museum of China last year, brought together dozens of paintings and sculptures. They look back on the dynamic and various schools of Hungarian fine art over the past century. A total of 99 paintings and 24 sculptures were on display. Looking ahead, China is willing to maintain high-level exchanges with Hungary, consolidate political mutual trust, and push bilateral practical cooperation forward, according to one of China's State leaders. China will support its citizens traveling to Hungary and is willing to expand people-to-people and cultural exchanges to further consolidate public support for stronger bilateral relations. The state leader of Hungary said China and Hungary will celebrate the 70th anniversary of their diplomatic ties this year. Hungary is willing to continue to deepen practical cooperation with China, accelerate the use of the Hungarian section of the Belgrade-Budapest railway, and enhance cooperation in areas including agriculture and tourism.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "JD.com Inc, China's second-largest e-commerce player, has been helping villagers in poverty-stricken areas since 2016 with multiple measures, said Liu Qiangdong, CEO of the company.  As part of the measures, JD gives newly hatched chicks to villagers in some poor areas.  \"Equipped with a monitoring device, each chick should have walked 1 million steps before they can be sold on JD.com,\" said Liu, adding that chicken raised in such a way can be priced more than six times higher than those raised in cages.  He made the remarks in a speech at a forum themed \"Sharing internet dividends for poverty alleviation\", as part of the 4th World Internet Conference.  Entrepreneurs and officials participating in the forum agreed that internet technologies and e-commerce can make an increasing contribution to the poverty alleviation campaign.  Li Jun, 32, Party secretary of Xiuyun, a village in Sichuan province, said the village has opened some popular restaurants in provincial capital Chengdu, with food produced by the villagers on their own land.  \"For example, the chicken served at our restaurants is priced according to their age rather than its weight,\" said Li, adding that the practice is aimed at avoiding the use of unhealthy foodstuffs for faster growth.  Customers who are content with the food will very often register on their own e-commerce platform by scanning QR codes in the restaurants, he said.  Beijing Spruce World Technology, which owns meicai.cn, an e-commerce platform for organic food, has been contributing to poverty alleviation by contracting with the villagers for the latter's products, according to Liu Chuanjun, chief executive officer of the company.  \"Orders from e-commerce platforms help the villagers avoid market risks,\" said Liu.  Tang Ke, head of the market and economic information department at the Ministry of Agriculture, said featured industries in the agriculture sector accounted for 68 percent of the turnover by the end of 2016, up from 52 percent in 2012.  China's economic development is unbalanced and connectivity to the internet is essential to solving the problem. The Ministry of Agriculture is working on a project in 10 provinces to establish at least one internet service station in each village, said Tang.  Connectivity means not only infrastructure, but also the knowledge of using the internet, since many of the poverty-stricken villagers don't know how to use it, said Li Jun of Xiuyun village.  Since 2012, more than 7 million people who were previously employed in cities have returned to their rural hometowns to start their own businesses.  With more young and better educated people returning, the popularity of the internet in rural areas would greatly help poverty alleviation, Tang said. ", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Am\u00a8\u00a6lie Peraud and Pierre-Yves Babin are French nationals who have been in Beijing for more than 10 years. They love Chinese culture, especially the Beijng   culture, and have even added Chinese elements to their design by starting a business for handmade Chinese children's clothes. In 2005, Pierre came to Beijing and met Am\u00a8\u00a6lie, who ran a small shop near the Drum and Bell Towers in Beijing selling handmade clothes and accessories. The two became business partners and set up their own brand, Tang' Roulou, based on a traditional Chinese snack  which consists of candied Chinese hawthorns on a bamboo skewer.  reminded them of pommes d'amour, French for \"apples of love\", candy-covered apples eaten at Halloween and known as toffee apples or candy apples in other countries. They changed the spelling of   based on French pronunciation, transforming it into Tang' Roulou. In 2011 to attract more people they opened a shop on China's biggest online shopping platform Taobao, and were invited to attend the company\u00a1\u00afs annual Taobao Maker Festival last year. In the future, Pierre and Am\u00a8\u00a6lie will continue to live in Beijing. They love the city, Pierre said. Though they are French, they have their own Chinese dreams. They hope to design more products mixing Chinese and French culture.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "  As soaring property prices force many to consider leaving Beijing for cheaper cities, a pilot project offering subsidized housing in the capital to nonlocal residents has made some to think again.  Unsurprisingly, competition to land a subsidized apartment is fierce.  On Tuesday, more than 1,000 people braved a chilling spring wind to stand in line for at least four hours to apply for one of the 400 so-called public rental homes.  A total of 120 homes are reserved for people who do not hold Beijing hukou, or household registration, a major change from the policy of previous years.  The registration line in Maquanying - a suburb of Chaoyang district where 300 of the apartments are located (the rest are in Daxing district) - stretched more than 300 meters on Tuesday afternoon.  \"The line was this long at 9 am, and it's still this long at 2 pm, even though we're handling 120 applications an hour,\" said a community worker who declined to give his name.  He said the huge number of applicants was beyond expectations and that 30 extra workers had been added to the 20-strong team that worked on Monday, the first day for applications. The last day is Wednesday.  To qualify for a subsidized apartment, applicants without Beijing hukou must have paid social insurance or income tax in the capital for at least five years, be 18 to 45 years old and own no property. Applicants will then be selected at random.  On Monday, almost 60 percent of the applicants were non-Beijingers, the worker said.  On Tuesday, as the line moved slowly, many complained about the trouble created by on-site application and sighed over their slim chances.  Gao Yang, 30, from Henan province, has been working in Beijing for six years as an IT engineer in Chaoyang district.  \"It's a long line and the chances are slim. But if I'm not in line, there is no hope of renting an apartment at half the market price,\" Gao said.  The price of the public rental housing available this time is about 2,400 yuan ($348) a month for a two-bedroom apartment. A similar property on the regular rental market can cost more than 5,000 yuan a month.  Gao Chao, who works as a designer in Fengtai district, said he has to live with his wife and two other couples in a three-bedroom apartment to save money, but the rent is about the same as at the public rental housing.  \"It's like trying your luck buying a lottery ticket. But as long as there is hope, I want to try it,\" the 30-year-old said.  The offering of the 400 public rental units is the first wave of a pilot project that aims to help people without Beijing household registration. In the pilot, 30 percent of public rental housing and price-fixed housing will be allocated to people without Beijing hukou.  So far, 10,300 tenants, or 13 percent, of these live in public rental housing in Beijing do not hold such registrations.  According to a survey by China Youth Daily published on Tuesday, 23 percent of 2,000 respondents had already left top-tier cities like Beijing, while 47 percent were considering leaving. The main reason given was soaring housing prices.       ", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "China looks forward to the success of the top leaders' meeting and bilateral dialogue between the Democratic People's Republic of Korea and the United States, President Xi Jinping said. Beijing hopes substantial progress will be made toward denuclearizing the Korean Peninsula and normalizing their relations, Xi said when meeting on Monday with Chung Eui-yong, special envoy and top national security adviser for Republic of Korea President Moon Jae-in. Chung visited Pyongyang and Washington last week and announced in the US capital on Thursday that US President Donald Trump would meet DPRK top leader Kim Jong-un by May to achieve permanent denuclearization. China appreciates Moon's dispatching Chung to China to provide a briefing on Chung's visits to the DPRK and the US and his effort to promote DPRK-US dialogue, Xi said. Chung, who leads the National Security Office of the Blue House, said positive changes have taken place in the peninsula's situation and China has played an important, navigating role. The envoy noted that China always has upheld the goal of denuclearizing the peninsula as well as the peaceful settlement of the DPRK nuclear issue, and it supports direct US-DPRK dialogue. China has supported the major step taken in ROK-DPRK ties, which has led to the positive developments on the peninsula issue, Chung added. The ROK expressed its sincere appreciation to China, Chung said. During Monday's meeting, Xi said as long as all parties involved stay focused on the fundamental aim\u00a3\u00adthe peninsula's denuclearization, peace and stability\u00a3\u00adthe ice will melt and warmth will return to the peninsula. There is now an important opportunity for easing tension and promoting dialogue, and China has spoken positively of the efforts made by the ROK, Xi said. China is willing to continue to work with the international community, including the ROK, communicate with all concerned parties and promote the political settlement of the peninsula issue through China's dual-track approach and conducive suggestions from all sides, Xi said. Also, the parties involved should be patient and careful, give full play to their political wisdom and properly deal with and eliminate problems and disturbances in the process of restarting dialogue, Xi added. China has always supported both sides of the peninsula in improving their relations and promoting reconciliation and cooperation, and has supported contacts and dialogue between the US and the DPRK and their consultations for addressing each others' concerns, Xi said. Achieving peninsula denuclearization and preventing war or turmoil there comprise China's consistent position, he said. Seoul hopes Beijing continues playing an important role. The ROK is willing to closely coordinate with Beijing to maintain the current momentum and promote peaceful settlement of the DPRK nuclear issue, Chung said.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "China has more than 120,000 supervisors monitoring every aspect of the country's 260,000 primary and middle schools, the Ministry of Education said on Tuesday. \"Through continuous efforts over the past five years, almost 98 percent of primary and middle schools are equipped with supervisors,\" said He Xiuchao, director of the ministry\u00a1\u00afs Education Supervision Bureau. There are 19,500 full-time and 103,800 part-time supervisors, who are mainly principals, exemplary or retired teachers, and parents, He said. \"In some areas, the supervising system has been extended to cover kindergartens, vocational schools and special schools,\" he said. The ministry will strengthen its supervision of kindergartens to deal with high tuitions fees, insufficient access to good public kindergartens, and safety issues, he added. Tang Lijun, director of Beijing's education supervision office, said the capital will intensify training of kindergarten supervisors, who were sent to every kindergarten to monitor and ensure education quality and child safety last year. Beijing is working on an evaluation system of the city's kindergartens, which is expected to be released and implemented in the first half of this year, Tang said, adding that the system will take charge of student admissions as well as kindergartens' grading and overall quality improvement. On Nov 25, a 22-year-old female teacher from a RYB kindergarten in Beijing\u00a1\u00afs Chaoyang district was detained for alleged child abuse, causing public uproar. The Beijing Education Commission later sent hundreds of permanent supervisors to the city's kindergartens.", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "BEIJING \u00a1\u00aa Although winter vacation has come, 11-year-old Wang Aoyun still goes to school every day, for skating. As school athletes, Wang and 20-plus teammates practice speed skating on a cornfield-turned ice rink at Taipingzhuang Central School in Beijing's Yanqing district. In three years, the 2022 Winter Olympics will be held in Beijing and Zhangjiakou, Hebei province. While construction of stadiums and infrastructure projects has been accelerated, winter sports and the related economy at the venues have also been heating up.,With its ice rink built in 2016, Taipingzhuang school is the first that had an ice rink in Yanqing district, where competitions of alpine skiing, bobsled, skeleton, and luge will be held in 2022. Teachers take shifts to water the ice rink every night in winter, said Ding Jianpei, principal of the school. \"Most of our students may not be engaged in winter sports in the future, but we think it's worth it if they feel the happiness in the sports,\" Ding said. Winter sports used to be a luxury 20 years ago in Beijing. People had to travel hundreds of miles to find a ski slope. The first large ski resort in the Chinese capital, Shijinglong, was not open until the late 1990s, in Yanqing.,Local villager Guo Junhua, 35, was among the first batch of ski lovers. Last year, she quit her job as a ski coach in southwest China and opened a ski training school in Yanqing District. To date, she has trained 50 children. The district government also encourages local people to learn winter sports. \"Influenced by the atmosphere of the Winter Olympics, more and more residents show up on ice rinks and ski fields,\" said Ma Zhiyong, sports bureau deputy chief of Yanqing District, adding that more ice rinks and ski training bases are mushrooming. This winter, Shijinglong resort received 60,000 visitors, up 10 percent year on year. Five km away from the 2022 alpine skiing competition venue, local resident Zhang Haichao has rented and decorated 10 households, with more being constructed. Zhang, general manager of a homestay brand company, is confident about the prospective of homestay market near his hometown. \"My friends and I love skiing, but bringing heavy snowboards to hotels is very inconvenient,\" Zhang said. \"Now that the Winter Olympics are coming, more visitors will come to ski, a golden opportunity for homestay business.\",He is also consulting some ski gear companies, planning to offer ski gear renting service at his homestay houses. The district has attracted over 120 homestay brands, with the reservation rate of some brands reaching 90 percent for the Lunar New Year, said Zheng Aijuan, deputy director of Yanqing's tourism commission. Song Haitian, deputy director of Winter Olympics preparation office of Yanqing District, said the 2022 Winter Olympics would have a profound impact on Yanqing's development. \"We hope the global sports event not only stimulates the sustainable development of Yanqing, especially the winter economy, but also helps upgrade the quality of both people's health and civil society,\" Song said.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "China's efforts against air pollution have made steady progress since 2013, and the accumulated experience is valuable around the world, a regional head of a New York-based NGO said. \"The record of achievements that have been delivered in the past five years is amazing. Everybody living in Beijing can feel the difference in air quality,\" said Zhang Jianyu, chief representative for the Environmental Defense Fund in China. \"China managed to turn mission impossible into a systematic success,\" Zhang said, adding that progress has been observed in aspects such as mapping the sources and movement of pollutants, and adopting technologies to reduce and monitor emissions. From policy design to implementation and enforcement, both at the central and local levels, China's system has improved, he said. Beijing saw a dramatic decline in air pollution last year and in January reported the best air quality in the past five years. The average concentration of PM2.5\u00a3\u00adhazardous airborne particles\u00a3\u00addropped to a record-low 34 micrograms per cubic meter, according to the municipal environmental protection bureau. The reduction targets set by the central government in the national air pollution campaign were reached on schedule in most cities, including Beijing, said Li Ganjie, minister of ecology and environment. The bluer skies were not easily won. Beijing and neighboring regions, including Hebei province, have made aggressive moves against pollution through strict controls\u00a3\u00adclosures of highly polluting factories, a shift to clean energy for winter heating and improvements to the industrial structure. \"One of the major breakthroughs\u00a3\u00adstarting from last year, in particular\u00a3\u00adwas curtailing the use of coal and controlling small-and medium-sized emission sources, which in the past were beyond measurement range,\" he said. The Ministry of Ecology and Environment has assigned 5,600 inspectors for a year to 28 major cities in the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region since March, its largest campaign to date. More than 62,000 polluting plants have been shut down. The bluer skies have also come at a price. The short-term actions such as shutting down plants and changing fuels have significantly affected some parts of society. But it's necessary to help the governments buy the time and space needed to let long-term measures\u00a3\u00adtechnologies, policies and laws\u00a3\u00adtake hold, Zhang said. After setting up offices in China in 1998, the NGO has participated in projects with governments and institutes to help China establish market-based incentives for trimming emissions and strengthening the enforcement of environmental laws. To date, more than 43,000 environmental officers have received training from its programs. Daily cumulative fines with no upper limit\u00a3\u00ada powerful tool in deterring and regulating polluters\u00a3\u00adwere adopted in the Environmental Protection Law based on the experience of the United States, Zhang said. China's law took effect in 2015. He added that the permit system is also a major step in pollution control. It's time, he said, to \"summarize and understand what China has gone through, and we can help to share that experience with other countries that are in the middle of this, or that are going to face it soon\". For example, India is suffering severe air pollution, and China's experience in creating countermeasures could help. \"Countries participating in the Belt and Road Initiative are a good place to share China's accumulated experience\u00a3\u00ador at least to reference it,\" Zhang said. \"The low-hanging fruit is gone. More challenges are in front of us, and it's just the beginning.\"", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Aihuishou.com, one of China's largest electronics recycling platforms, plans to build a global online marketplace for trading secondhand digital items, marking an initial move to make inroads into overseas markets. The Shanghai-based company will invest approximately $200 million to develop the platform and push for global expansion, Chen Xuefeng, CEO of the Shanghai-based company, said at a recent news conference in Beijing. \"The company is looking for suitable investment targets in Indonesia, Thailand and the United States,\" Chen said. So far, Aihuishou has already reached strategic cooperation with major trade markets for used digital products, such as Hong Kong, Dubai, Miami, India, Russia and Brazil. The platform, called Paijitang, could provide international sellers and buyers with improved services for secondhand electronic products such as disposal, standard rating and purchase, Chen said. According to data from international information provider IDC and market research institute GFK, global mobile phone shipments exceeded 1.5 billion units in 2017, and secondhand phones are generally resold three to four times, which indicates huge potential in the sector. There are major bottlenecks in trading secondhand digital products around the globe - consumer demand varies from region to region, and traditional trading models are relatively inefficient, according to Chen. Earlier this year, Aihuishou made investments in Cashify, an Indian online marketplace for used smartphones and electronics, as well as Brazilian counterpart Trocafone. These partnerships would enable these target companies to learn from Aihuishou's cutting-edge technologies, and bring about operational efficiencies into their business, Chen said. On Wednesday, Aihuishou announced the launch of intelligent recycling machines that can facilitate users in recycling their secondhand items. \"Within only one minute, the user can get some of the collection money from Aihuishou via their Alipay account (a popular e-payment system in China). The whole process of collection and transaction takes about three days,\" said Ni Chun, vice-president of Aihuishou. The company aims to deploy about 10,000 intelligent recycling machines in first-tier cities including Beijing, Shanghai and Shenzhen, Guangdong province, within one year, according to Ni. To date, Aihuishou has set up five operation centers and more than 260 recycling stores mainly in China's first and second-tier cities. Chen said that by the end of 2018, the number of physical stores will exceed 400. Li Yinan, an analyst at China Co-Harmony Investment Fund Management Co, said that companies that trade used products need to establish a sound and sustainable strategy. \"There is tremendous market potential ahead. But the profit margin is relatively low, so online-to-offline startups in this sector need large-scale operations,\" Li said.", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "The Creative China Festival, a five-month cultural event engaged by 16 American organizations, 12 Chinese organizations and supported by China's Ministry of Culture, is running in the US through Jan 24. The festival comprises six categories including film screenings, arts exhibition, forums and concerts, among others. More than 200 artists from both countries participated in festival events since its opening last September. With the theme \"New Film Noir: Chinese new detective movies\", six Chinese movies were screened at New York's Metrograph, Boston's Brattle Theatre and San Francisco's Yerba Buena Center for the Arts:      and  . The Beijing Contemporary Arts Foundation sponsored Chinese sculptor Yu Fan, artists Song Dong and Li Jun to stay in the US from September to December to give exhibitions and communicate with their American counterparts. China's rock record label Modern Sky presented concerts at Central Park in New York and Santa Anita Park in Los Angeles. The Ministry of Culture, the Beijing Contemporary Arts Foundation, the New York Foundation of Arts and New York University China House also organized a series of forums.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "  As tourists enjoyed time at the farm on weekends, the 15,000 kilograms of grapes in their first harvest year were sold out within more than 10 days. The grapes also sold to other cities like Beijing. The 48-year-old man plans to develop the 600 mu (40 hectares) of land into a grape farm with numerous functions, including a production base, a place for sightseeing and a vocation resort where people can gain farm experience. Apart from grapes, strawberries, cherries and blueberries are also planted on the farm, while more than 700 chickens are raised here. The farm is preparing to provide barbeque services this October.  In addition, a 10,000-square-meter racecourse, a 3,000-square-meter camping base and 600-meter fishing area along the river are all under development.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Two fast trains decorated with a China International Import Expo (CIIE) theme went into service on the Beijing-Shanghai high-speed railway on Wednesday morning, reports thepaper.cn. An introduction to the expo is displayed throughout the carriages. The train information system and Wi-Fi service portal are also being used to share some of the highlights of the upcoming expo. And passengers can access news and information about the expo from its official WeChat account by scanning a QR code prominently displayed throughout the trains. The China International Expo Bureau, along with China Railway Shanghai Group, designed the two CIIE-themed trains with the goal of raising public awareness about the event, which is the country's first import expo. The first themed train departed from Shanghai Hongqiao Railway Station on Wednesday morning, the other departed from Beijing South Railway Station in the afternoon. The two trains will run on the Beijing-Shanghai line until the end of the event, which will run from November 5 to 10 in Shanghai.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "All ticket buyers and holders of the International Horticultural Exhibition Beijing, China 2019 (hereinafter referred to as \u00a1\u00b0Beijing Expo 2019\u00a1\u00b1) shall read the \u00a1\u00b0Ticketing Information\u00a1\u00b1 carefully and follow the terms and conditions stipulated hereby. Buying the tickets of Beijing Expo 2019 requires the use of real names, which means all visitors must input their ID information to buy or book tickets online. 1.Individual tickets of Beijing Expo 2019 are categorized into \u00a1\u00b0designated day tickets\u00a1\u00b1 and \u00a1\u00b0standard day tickets.\u00a1\u00b1 The holder of a designated day ticket is allowed to enter the Expo Site at the designated day or any standard day, and the holder of a standard day ticket is only allowed to enter the Expo Site at any standard day. 2.Beijing Expo 2019 is scheduled to last for 162 days from April 29 to October 7, of which there are 15 designated days, including the opening day (April 29, 2019), the Labor Day holiday (May 1, 2019), the Dragon Boat Festival holiday (June 7-9, 2019), the Mid-Autumn Festival holiday (September 13-15, 2019), and the National Day holiday (October 1-7, 2019, and October 7 also marks the closing day). Apart from the foresaid designated days, all of the rest 147 days are standard days. 3.Designated day tickets are further categorized into \u00a1\u00b0ordinary designated day tickets\u00a1\u00b1 and \u00a1\u00b0concessionary designated day tickets,\u00a1\u00b1 and standard day tickets are also further categorized into \u00a1\u00b0ordinary standard day tickets\u00a1\u00b1 and \u00a1\u00b0concessionary standard day tickets.\u00a1\u00b1 The applicable conditions and prices for tickets bought online are as follows: Note: Admission to the Expo Site is free for children (those below the age of 14, namely born on January 1, 2005 or later) at an age below 6 years old (namely, born on January 1, 2013 or later) or with a height of 1.3 meters or less. 4.Ticket sales are divided into two periods: the pre-sale period (from January 19 to April 28, 2019) and the expo period (from April 29 to October 7, 2019). Buyers of non-concessionary tickets can get 10% off during the pre-sale period. 1.Buying the tickets of Beijing Expo 2019 requires the use of real names, and all visitors are required to input information of their second-generation ID cards (or valid passports, mainland travel permits for Hong Kong and Macao residents and mainland travel permits for Taiwan residents) to buy or book tickets online. 2.Online ticket buyers need to reserve the day to enter the Expo Site. Beijing Expo 2019 sets an upper limit for the number of daily visits. Visitors can buy tickets online in advance, but in case that the number of tickets sold reaches a day\u00a1\u00afs upper limit, ticket sales of that day will cease. On-site ticket offices only provide individual tickets of the day. 3.The holder of each valid ID certificate (ID card, passport, mainland travel permit for Hong Kong and Macao residents or mainland travel permit for Taiwan residents) is permitted to buy or book one ticket each day. 4.People aged at 60 or above (namely, those born on December 31, 1959 or earlier) and children aged below 18 (namely, those born on January 1, 2001 or later) may buy concessionary tickets online. 5.Other groups to whom concessionary tickets are applicable (including the disabled, in-service soldiers and officers, and students at institutions of regular higher education) need to buy tickets on site at designated ticket windows (near Gate 1, Gate 2 and Gate 5) and show their valid second-generation ID cards and certificates that prove they are entitled for such concession. 6.Ticket sales, online and offline, close at 18:00 each available day. 7.Buyers should check the categories, volumes and payments of the tickets when buying, and are entitled to ask for invoices equal to the amounts they paid. 8.Visitors who enter the Expo Site by swapping their second-generation ID cards, passports, mainland travel permits for Hong Kong and Macao residents or mainland travel permits for Taiwan residents at 16:00 or later (subject to automated recording of relevant check-in system), if needed, can enter the Expo Site again the next day by swapping aforesaid ID certificates (except that the day follows a standard day). 1.Prior to check-in, online ticket buyers can apply to get their tickets changed or refunded once before 18:00 on the reserved day of admission via the channel they bought such tickets. A designated day ticket can be changed into a ticket for any designated day or standard day after the day when relevant application is submitted (buyers will not be refunded for any price differences). A standard day ticket can be changed into a ticket for any standard day after the day when relevant application is submitted. If a ticket holder doesn\u00a1\u00aft enter the Expo Site and change and refund the ticket before 18:00 on the day of admission as booked, his or her ticket will be considered as used and thus cannot be changed or refunded. 2.One can book as many as six tickets per order. If needed, all tickets in one order must be changed or refunded together, rather than be changed or refunded partially. 3.For visitors who apply for refunding, the channel via which they buy tickets will be responsible for relevant refunding procedures. For details, please enquiry relevant ticket-selling channels. 1.Those who enjoy free admission and visitors who hold tickets both need to show their valid ID certificates (including ID cards, passports,mainland travel permits for Hong Kong and Macao residents and mainland travel permits for Taiwan residents) before entering the Expo Site. 2.Visitors who hold concessionary tickets need to show the original certificates that prove they are entitled for such concession and their valid ID certificates before entering the Expo Site via designated entrances. 3.Visitors who register their ID card information when buying tickets online can directly enter the Expo Site via designated entrances of Gate 1, Gate 2 and Gate 5 by showing their valid ID cards. 4.Visitors who register the information of their passports,mainland travel permits for Hong Kong and Macao residents and mainland travel permits for Taiwan residents when buying tickets online can directly enter the Expo Site via designated entrances of Gate 1, Gate 2 and Gate 6 by showing their valid certificates that they registered online. 5.Visitors who have bought tickets but fail to check in due to loss or damage of their certificates or other situations can get a temporary admission permit at on-site ticket offices by showing their temporary ID certificates issued by relevant public security departments and enter the Expo Site within the valid period of the temporary admission permit. 6.Visitors who book tickets via the same order must show all of their valid ID certificates registered when buying tickets to enter the Expo Site. Once any of them successfully checks in, all tickets booked via the order cannot be changed or refunded. 1.Beijing International Horticultural Exhibition Coordination Bureau will publish information about ticketing in the form of notices. The public can inquire relevant information via the official website of Beijing Expo 2019 (http://www.horti-expo2019.com/) or the service hotline of Beijing Expo 2019 (86-10 86484017). 2.Beijing International Horticultural Exhibition Coordination Bureau has the right to adjust ticketing terms and conditions according to operational situations and will inform the public and relevant institutions of such adjustments, if any. 3.All exhibitions and activities held in the Expo Site during Beijing Expo 2019 will not charge extra fees unless otherwise stipulated. 4.Beijing International Horticultural Exhibition Coordination Bureau reserves the right of final interpretation.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Authorities say fake trademarks threaten public health, city's image  Food and liquor brands are favored targets of criminals looking to profit by forging well-known trademarks, a report by Beijing's top prosecuting authorities said on Thursday.  In 2016, prosecutors in the capital accused 51 people of forging trademarks. Of those, nearly 85 percent involved counterfeiting popular Chinese food and liquor trademarks - including Beijing duck and baijiu, the national drink of China - according to the report released by the Beijing People's Procuratorate.  \"We found some defendants had no food hygiene licenses, let alone a clean and regulated process to produce food and liquor,\" said Wang Wei, deputy chief prosecutor of the authority. \"They bought raw materials at a very low price, processed them roughly and then sold them in the name of registered trademarks in market.\"  For example, a resident surnamed Bai was found putting partially cooked duck meat purchased from wholesale markets into packages with the well-known Quanjude trademark in a small workshop in Changxindian township of Beijing's Fengtai district from April to September last year. Quanjude is a Beijing-based restaurant chain known for its roast duck.  Bai brought in 680,000 yuan ($98,800) by selling the fake meat. When he was arrested on Sept 23, police officers found 696 packages of fake Quanjude duck in his workshop, along with delivery invoices and many packages displaying the trademark.  All the goods were verified as counterfeit.  On March 28, Bai was sentenced by the district court to two years and six months in prison for infringing on a registered trademark, and was fined 150,000 yuan.  \"Such crimes not only damage the interests of trademark owners but also harm residents' health. That's why we fight them without hesitation,\" Wang said.  Jiang Shuzhen, director of the prosecuting authority's economic crime supervision department, said forging Beijing's traditional and well-known trademarks also damages the city's image and hurts tourism.  While increasing supervision has been directed toward the safety of food and medicine as required in recent years by the Supreme People's Procuratorate, she said cooperation needs to improve with other government departments.  \"A platform on which the city's administrations, including commercial and industrial departments, can share information is being considered. I believe it will help us a lot to seek clues and effectively fight counterfeit-related crimes,\" she said.  In 2016, the city's prosecutors approved the detention of 80 people and prosecuted 137 people suspected of harming intellectual property rights across the city. Of those, most related to trademark infringement - including foreign brands, mainly from the United States, Europe, Japan and South Korea, the report said. ", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "The Beijing Symphony Orchestra performs a concert to mark the 40th anniversary of China's reform and opening-up. At the ongoing Beijing Music Festival\u00a3\u00adan annual event featuring world-class musicians and concerts, the Beijing Symphony Orchestra led by conductor Tan Lihua gave a performance called Embracing the New Era: Chinese Music Concert, to mark the 40th anniversary of China's reform and opening-up, at the Forbidden City Concert Hall in the capital. The first half of the concert featured three pieces by Chinese composers: Yang Qing's Symphonic Poem: The Narration of Beijing; Chen Peixun's Aira of Snow and the fourth movement of Bao Yuankai's Peking Opera Symphony. According to Tan, the artistic director and conductor of the orchestra and vice-president of the Chinese Musicians' Association, the repertory focused on massive changes in China since the reform and opening-up began. \"In the past 40 years we have not only performed Western classical music works, but also devoted ourselves to writing our own music,\" Tan says. \"In the last four decades, a large amount of original Chinese music was created and we feel proud that these works have not only been performed in China, but have also been performed by international orchestras.\" Symphonic Poem: The Narration of Beijing was written by Chinese composer Yang, a classmate of Tan at the Shanghai Conservatory of Music, for the Beijing Symphony Orchestra to mark the 2008 Beijing Olympic Games. Tan, who premiered the work in 2008 with the Beijing Symphony Orchestra, says: \"It uses local nursery rhymes and qinshu, a traditional art form that combines storytelling, singing and music instruments. \"The music unfolds bit by bit, and is a tribute to Beijing and its people.\" As for Bao's symphony, it contains four movements: Jing\u00a3\u00adThe Painted Face, A Solemn Andante; Chou\u00a3\u00adThe Comedian, A Humorous Presto; Dan\u00a3\u00adThe Lady, A Profound Largo and Sheng\u00a3\u00adThe Man, A Brillante Allegro. With the techniques of Western classical music composition, the work is based on four different role types in Peking Opera\u00a3\u00adthe 200-year-old traditional Chinese art form that combines singing, dancing and martial arts. The piece was also commissioned by the orchestra and premiered in 2006 by Tan in Beijing. Speaking about his work, Bao, 74, who was born in Beijing and graduated from the Central Conservatory of Music in 1967, says: \"I wanted to present the profound and rich spiritual world of Peking Opera through classical music.\" Bao, who took almost a year to complete his Peking Opera Symphony, says he used to listen to Peking Opera as a child and was always interested in painting Peking Opera characters. Commenting on Bao's work, Tan says: \"Thanks to his (Bao's) interpretation, audiences from different cultures can enjoy the beauty and spirit of Peking Opera.\" Bao says that despite the development of classical music in China in the past 40 years, he is concerned that Chinese traditional music has not been promoted as greatly as Western classical music. \"Music schools in China put a lot of effort into Western classical music rather than traditional Chinese music. It's harmful for our culture,\" says Bao. The second half of the concert was Embracing the New Era Symphonic Suit, a special arrangement by Chinese composer Dong Yuexuan, who adapted popular Chinese songs, including On the Hopeful Field, Pearl of the East and I Love You, China. The songs, Tan says, represent the big events in China over the past 40 years. For example, On the Hopeful Field celebrates the start of the reform and opening-up and Pearl of the East marks the handover of Hong Kong in 1997. Looking back over the past four decades, Tan says classical music has developed very quickly in China. Before 1978, there were four symphony orchestras in China but now the number is more than 80 across the country. \"The reform and opening-up made China powerful and changed people's lives. \"The booming classical music scene means that the Chinese composers now want to write more original material,\" says Tan.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "This is not an easy story to tell, and contains many details I'm generally embarrassed (\u00de\u00cf\u00de\u00ce) to reveal. Underlying the story is the fact that, for many years, I actively rejected my Chinese cultural heritage as \"foreign,\" something I thought (and was told) I should leave behind and permanently reject if I ever was to conform to my birth culture. I am telling this story because I know there are many individuals like myself, Chinese born in countries all across the world, who have grown up \"between a rock and a hard place,\" never seeming to meet the cultural expectations of our birth culture but also struggling to carry forth the thoughts, beliefs, and practices of our parent culture.  Rather than forcing ourselves to choose between one culture over the other or self-identifying as \"bananas\" (Chinese on the outside, but not on the inside), I believe we should instead submit to our unique cultural hybridity and seek to appreciate both respective cultures. Furthermore, I believe as cultural go-betweens, we have an important role to play in spreading Chinese culture both in the Mainland and in the rich Diasporas in which we reside.  Looking back, it is impossible for me to pinpoint the exact moment where I transitioned from a \"Canadian\" into a \"Chinese-Canadian.\"  What I know for certain is that it has been and continues to be a lifelong journey of learning, one that began in the classroom of a Migration History professor and one that continues as I intern in Shanghai over this summer. I can pinpoint, however, many moments along that journey where I felt particularly attached to my motherland: staring out at the West Lake in Hangzhou, getting lost in the Old Summer Palace in Beijing, admiring the beauty of Guilin\u00a1\u00afs natural scenery, and crowding into a locals-only   (\u00d0\u00a1\u00c1\u00fd\u00b0\u00fc) store in Shanghai.    My early University days, more specifically my decision to study the liberal arts, join a Fraternity and move out for a year were influenced by my attempts to reject my cultural upbringing. I would account a large part of my change of heart and my transition to a \"Chinese-Canadian\" to three major events: 1) Registering for an Asian Migration History course, 2) Finding a Chinese girlfriend, and 3) Studying Chinese at UBC The Chinese-Canadian Migration History course, I took almost accidentally and with no real intention of utilizing it to better connect with my cultural roots. I was therefore surprised when one of our first assignments was to do an oral history of a fellow classmate. My partner and I both decided we would make short films, asking personal questions about each other\u00a1\u00afs family history.  At that point I knew very little bout my family; in fact, next to nothing. This was something which began to bother me. Prompted by the assignment, I began to ask my parents questions, such as \"Who were my grandparents?\" It was a question to which my mom answered briefly: \"Farmers, they were all farmers.\" However, from my dad I received a much more exciting story, one for many years he had seemingly kept to himself. My late grandfather, it turns out, was a prominent Communist educator who after the Revolution was an administrator and author of many prominent textbooks. My grandmother was on the other hand, the daughter of a Nationalist army officer. It was Romeo and Juliet style love story that I might never had known if I had not asked. Under Dr. Yu\u00a1\u00afs tutelage, I became actively involved in the Chinese community in Vancouver, organizing workshops and panels aimed at solving cultural conflicts such as whether to teach Mandarin in local elementary schools. I also got to learn more about how closely connected Vancouver is to China, and how historically we made up some the earliest traders and migrants to the area (even before most Europeans had even heard of Canada). It was this continuous hunger to learn more and appreciate my identity that I took most from Dr. Yu\u00a1\u00afs class (In fact, my father and I are planning a trip to Shaoxing, Zhejiang to try and track down more of my family history later this summer) The second major development was finding a Chinese girlfriend. Actually, it was finding a girlfriend who was more Chinese than I was. She was born in China and raised in Vancouver, but her parents spoke nothing but Chinese at home. This was in stark contrast to my own household, where my parents spoke the Shanghainese dialect to each other, I spoke English to my father and sister, and I spoke some sort of ungrammatical Chinglish to my Mother.  By visiting my girlfriend\u00a1\u00afs family, I learned simple but basic things such as to ditou (\u00b5\u00cd\u00cd\u00b7) when addressing those older than you and to address them as nin (\u00c4\u00fa) rather than ni (\u00c4\u00e3)\u00a1\u00a3I was forced to talk with various uncles and aunties in a language I seldom spoke by choice, asides from the basic \"I\u00a1\u00afm coming\" and \"I\u00a1\u00afm going.\" During, this time my girlfriend also pressured me to watch Chinese television dramas with her, something I was at first hesitant to do because I had trouble relating to them. (Ironically, this summer I have become completely obsessed with Zhao Wei\u00a1\u00afs dramas and movies, as well as Chen Sicheng\u00a1\u00afs \"  (\u00b1\u00b1\u00be\u00a9\u00b0\u00ae\u00c7\u00e9\u00b9\u00ca\u00ca\u00c2). It is a great way to learn Mandarin.) In order to improve my language (and in order to get language requirements to graduate) I enrolled in Mandarin class during my second and third year at University. Along with calculus (go figure) they were my two lowest marks at University. I remember staring blankly at countless exams being completely unable to remember even the first stroke of the character I wanted to write. However, through all the lessons and lectures ranging from Confucius (\u00bf\u00d7\u00d7\u00d3) to Chinese   Stories (\u00b3\u00c9\u00d3\u00ef\u00b9\u00ca\u00ca\u00c2), I finally began to appreciate the complexity and richness of Chinese culture. My favourite memories of Mandarin class were turning simple conversation exercises into \"over the top\" plays with music and costumes.The first time I visited China I was only four, with truthfully no recollection of my experiences. However, in 2009, I came for the first \"real\" time on a vacation with my family. We started from Beijing, where we stayed across from the Bird\u00a1\u00afs Nest\u00a3\u00a8\u00c4\u00f1\u00b3\u00b2\u00a3\u00a9\u00a3\u00ac Beijing stood out to me for its rich history, and the traditional feel of its hutong (\u00ba\u00fa\u00cd\u00ac). Coming the year after the Olympics, it felt Beijing still had a tourist buzz to it at all of the major historical sites we visited. I remember eating Beijingnese food at a restaurant near Qianmen Street (\u00c7\u00b0\u00c3\u00c5\u00bd\u00d6), really tasting the famous, subtle flavors of Thinly-Sliced Potato (\u00cd\u00c1\u00b6\u00b9\u00cb\u00bf) for the first time in my life.    In Shanghai, we stayed in the Hongkou district, where the history of the city\u00a1\u00afs occupational past really stood out to me. Hangzhou exceeded my expectations, with the romanticism of her West Lake (\u00ce\u00f7\u00ba\u00fe) and the sheer magnitude of the Leifang Pagoda and finally, at Guilin, we watched Zhang Yi-Mou\u00a1\u00afs spectacular show \"Impression Liu San Jie.\" Some of my fondest, simple memories were of my daily morning runs, stopping by the local park to watch elderly men and woman dance, meditate, and play Chess late into the sweaty summer afternoon. Since 2009, I have travelled and researched in Singapore, Taiwan, Malaysia, Philippines, and Thailand and have seen in each of these regions how Chinese culture and heritage has spread. It makes me feel so proud to be Chinese.  Now, as a law student, I am trying to find ways to continue connecting with to my Chinese roots. In Canada, there are major issues affecting the Chinese-Canadian community. The foreign degrees of immigrants are often not recognized in Canada (something my parents both had to endure, as Chinese-trained doctors). Many of these immigrants resort to working at convenience stores or as taxi drivers and are not able to meet their full intellectual potential. Second, many Chinese are unable to rise to high-level positions in society (Executives, Judges, and Politicians), held back by a bamboo-ceiling created by many of the same false cultural assumptions I have faced during my life. Contrary to what is often misrepresented in Western media, Chinese culture is one of the most well-developed, respectful, innovative, and influential cultures on earth. Chinese people are some of the nicest, most filial, and family-oriented individuals I know.  As a Chinese born-overseas, I believe we have a major role in Canada to play as cultural ambassadors to help other Canadians find their Chinese hearts and better appreciate Chinese culture. In China, we can act as go-betweens by sharing our Western culture and our strengths in creativity and management to benefit Chinese society. Ultimately, a world more intertwined between cultures and between countries will be one with less conflict and more collective social responsibility. To conclude, I hope that by telling \"My Chinese Story\", I can encourage those who read it to think about their own cultural identity, and the great potential that within it and beyond the liabilities that we often attach to it.  ", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Beijing's vehicle testing centers have been warned that they could lose their licenses if they fail a new annual inspection, part of an improved supervisory system to be rolled out on Thursday. Three city departments, including the Environmental Protection Bureau, issued regulations earlier this month to increase oversight of the centers and remove more polluting cars from roads to help improve air quality. Inspections will now be carried out annually at 35 centers in Beijing, with each center receiving a score based on the number of rule violations it discovers. The best score is zero, while the worst allowable is 12. \"We will not let vehicles that exceed emissions standards to go on the road,\" Ma Li, director of meteorology for the Beijing Administration of Quality and Technology Supervision, said on Monday. \"The new grading system gives clear direction to the testing centers about the major issues.\" The regulation says any center that falsifies data will receive a score of 12 points, which will lead directly to the suspension of its business license. The testing centers will also be scrutinized for how stringent and consistent they are in checking vehicles for environmental compliance, among other areas of concern. \"The supervision and inspection institutions will need to conduct self-inspection and improvement for recorded points,\" Ma said. \"During one period, an institution that accumulates up to 12 points also needs to do a self-inspection.\" In 2017, the capital had made significant progress in improving its air quality by reducing major airborne pollutants and achieving national air quality goals. Last year, Beijing had 226 days with excellent or good air quality (an air quality index reading of 100 or lower) 50 days more than in 2013, according to the environmental protection bureau. \"Environmental inspection is an important way to make sure vehicles in Beijing meet emissions standards to reduce the city's air pollution,\" said Lian Aiping, deputy director of the motor vehicle emission management department at the bureau. \"The regulation is also to make certain that the emissions of vehicles in daily life maintain factory standards.\" The local government also curbed car emissions to reduce pollution, and implemented a new license plate lottery policy at the end of last year to reduce the number of new plates available to car buyers. The first vehicle plate lottery result in 2018 that was released on Monday showed the winning rate was only 0.05 percent - a record low that demonstrates the difficulty of owning and operating a vehicle in Beijing. The quota for vehicles using new energy in 2018 is 54,000, with about 150,000 applicants awaiting their notifications. xinwen@chinadaily.com.cn", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "The road for Chinese companies to invest in the United States could still be bumpy this year even though the two countries sought to ease their economic disputes and agreed not to engage in a trade war, experts said. Chinese companies could face much lengthier and more complex procedures to have their merger and acquisition deals reviewed and approved by the US government and the increasing uncertainty could prompt them to look away from the US as an investment destination in the short term, according to lawyers who offer legal advice and services to Chinese companies. \"There's been great concern expressed by Chinese companies about whether or not it's worth the effort (investing in the US) \u00a1\u00ad If it's not going to be seen favorably from the beginning then they'll look elsewhere to figure out another place to invest,\" said Wendy Wysong, a partner of London-based law firm Clifford Chance, who practices in Hong Kong. Factors such as growing US regulatory scrutiny, uncertainties in China-US trade discussions and the controversy involving Chinese telecommunication equipment maker ZTE Corp have cast a shadow on the outlook of the Chinese investment in the US. In the first quarter, the value of outbound deals reached by Chinese companies contracted by 15 percent year-on-year to $94 billion, according to law firm Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer. The decline in Chinese outbound investment can be largely attributed to less investment in the US, as the US government is tightening its grip on mergers and acquisitions by Chinese companies, especially in the technology sector, said Alan Wang, corporate partner in Freshfields' global transactions group. Stanley Jia, chief representative of law firm Baker McKenzie's Beijing office, said that M&As and corporate activity by Chinese companies in general will likely remain at a wait-and-see stage given the uncertainties in the China-US trade discussions and any material impact it could have on Chinese investment in the US. \"If we see broadening and retaliatory measures spreading, that would no doubt add uncertainty to the outlook in the short term, and businesses do not like uncertainty,\" Jia said. \"Therefore, political risk assessment and regulatory planning are increasingly becoming an important part of an overall deal strategy.\" Chinese investment in the US already saw a sharp decline last year. Chinese firms completed $29 billion worth of investments in the US last year, down 35 percent from the record $46 billion completed in 2016, according to a joint report by the National Committee on US-China Relations and Rhodium Group. While tighter domestic regulation on risky overseas investment was one reason behind the decline, short-term unfavorable conditions in the US have clearly hit the deal-making appetite of Chinese companies. Prominent transactions abandoned by Chinese investors due to irresolvable concerns by the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States included Ant Financial's acquisition of Moneygram, Zhongwang's takeover of aluminium producer Aleris and Canyon Bridge Capital Partners' acquisition of Lattice Semiconductor. Wysong at Clifford Chance said that Chinese companies that are looking to invest in the US need to consider what their obligations are. Clifford Chance has been representing ZTE Corp from 2012 till now. \"Putting aside the ZTE case, I think that any company that is dependent on US origin goods needs to consider the implications of the US export control laws and US economic sanctions, and the enforcement tools that the United States will bring to bear if they become concerned about a particular company's conduct,\" Wysong said. \"They must be aware that there are certain interests that the United States has. For example, with the recent withdrawal from the JCPOA (Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action), there are going to be secondary sanctions on particular industry sectors in Iran and non-US companies need to be aware of those,\" she pointed out. Timothy Wilkins, a partner in Freshfeilds' global transactions group, said that CFIUS, the US inter-agency panel that reviews foreign acquisitions, has entered a more aggressive era of enforcement. \"One proof is the average time spent on the investigation process of overseas investment. While in 2015, less than 30 percent of the overseas investment into the US will go through a 40-day investigation, the rate now is over 70 percent. The time for a Chinese company to complete the investigation might last for up to five months,\" he said. Nonetheless, the long-term outlook of Chinese outbound investment remains optimistic as it will be driven by factors such as the Belt and Road Initiative and the global economy needs Chinese capital to be deployed, according to law firm Baker McKenzie. \"We believe outbound M&A will restart its growth trend in 2018 with a modest increase compared to 2017,\" said Jia at Baker McKenzie. \"China will be increasingly driven by service sectors and consumer spending. It is likely that healthcare, pharmaceuticals and consumer-related industries will become increasingly important M&A sectors,\" he said.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "BEIJING - Beijing has made addressing motor vehicle emission a focus of this year's air pollution control work, according to a senior environment protection official Tuesday. \"Targeting motor vehicle exhaust emissions is precise treatment for the city's smoggy weather as studies have found they are the top source of the city's major air pollutants,\" said Liu Bingjiang, an official with the Ministry of Environmental Protection. Liu said that factors leading to Beijing's air pollution had changed dramatically as coal consumption now made up less than 10 percent of the city's energy mix, and over 80 percent of Beijing's industries were in the tertiary sector. The smog-prone Chinese capital has intensified measures to improve its air quality in recent years and has achieved strong results. In 2017, Beijing switched 901 villages from reliance on coal to clean energy, and phased out nearly half a million outdated vehicles. Almost no coal consumption occurs in Beijing's six districts and its southern plain areas. The average density of PM2.5 in Beijing was 58 micrograms per cubic meter last year, meeting the target set by the State Council, and 20.5 percent less than in 2016. On Tuesday, the Beijing municipal environmental authority issued a yellow alert for smog, expected to last two days.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "More than 20,000 plants spanning 1,000 types from across the world will be showcased at the Plant Pavilion at the upcoming Beijing International Horticultural Exhibition, or the Beijing Expo, offering a visual feast to visitors, local officials said. Exotic flowers and herbs from home and abroad will be displayed during the exhibition, organizers said. \"We have selected more than 1,000 flowers from abroad, which adapt to Beijing's climate and have high ornamental value,\" said Yu Xuebin, deputy general manager of Beijing Landscape and Forestry Group. The exhibition covers an area of 503 hectares and includes themed pavilions featuring Chinese gardening culture, international plants and gardening competitions, botany and life experiences. For example, traditional flowers including wintersweets, Chinese roses and chrysanthemums will be exhibited at the China Pavilion. Chinese roses and chrysanthemums are Beijing's city flowers. They blossom in spring and autumn respectively, said Lin Qiaoling, a staff member of the pavilion. \"We have adapted the temperature control technology to ensure all of them blossom at the opening ceremony,\" she said. In addition, wildflowers will be highlighted at the exhibition. Wildflowers and plants are abundant in China, but they are rarely utilized in urban gardens, said Guo Jia, deputy director of the gardening department at the Beijing International Horticultural Exhibition Coordination Bureau. \"We have collected a large number of wildflowers and plants, and singled out 132 of them to present at the exhibition, by improving their adaptability and ornamentation with modern science and technology,\" Guo said. Organizers have also insisted on the philosophy of combining innovation and sustainability in the venue construction. Ecological protection has been consistently prioritized in venues' construction, said Zhou Jianping, standing deputy director of the bureau. The forest section of the exhibition evolved from a forest park project in Yanqing district, where there are nearly 50,000 plants. Some of them have grown for more than two decades. \"From design to construction, we have retained all of the original vegetation and made full use of it,\" Zhou said. He added that local authorities have rejuvenated the originally damaged wetlands to save its role and promote biodiversity. \"From the perspective of the horticulture industry development worldwide, Chinese people's spending on gardening is still low,\" he said, adding that most of them think of floriculture as being used in a celebration of special events, such as festivals and birthdays. \"The Beijing Expo is expected to promote a new lifestyle, inspire a better understanding of horticulture and integrate gardening into our lives,\" he said. After the exhibition, the public space will be preserved to develop local tourism and horticulture, according to Ye Dahua, deputy head of the bureau. It will also be a leisure area for local residents and also a new attraction for tourists to enjoy floral sightseeing tours, he said. Dai Bin, president of the China Tourism Academy, said Yanqing district will play host to both the exhibition and the 2022 Winter Olympics, which will provide perfect opportunities to develop the local comprehensive tourism.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Beijing Noitom Technology Ltd, a Chinese company focused on motion capture technology, shook hands with local communities in Beijing on Tuesday to display the country's innovations through its virtual reality technologies. Through the company's VR technologies, participants in the community of Desheng Street in the Xicheng district of Beijing could vividly experience scenes, including the workings of a manned submersible in the deep sea. \"We endeavor to not only deliver our technologies to film, gaming and animation but also extend them to vertical areas, including education, medicine and science,\" said Wang Junyi, Party branch secretary of Noitom. \"It's one of the reasons why we cooperated with a local community this time, hoping to let more people have a better understanding of China's development since reform and opening-up through our cutting-edge technologies,\" added Liu. Noitom, founded in 2012, has provided advanced technologies and solutions to an array of films both at home and abroad, including Game of Thrones, Wolverine, Crazy Nian and Sword Master. Dai Ruoli, co-founder and chief technology officer of Noitom, said: \"Virtual reality has infinite possibilities in a variety of areas. We expect to bring a more creative immersive experience to help VR walk into everyone's life.\" The Chinese VR industry has seen rapid development in the past years. Industrial data pointed out that the country's VR market has soared by 164 percent to 16 billion yuan ($2.5 billion) last year.", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "  Ten years ago, Beijing-based artist Tai Xiangzhou was pursuing a doctoral degree in painting at Tsinghua University. He visited the sixth-century Longxing Temple in Zhengding, Hebei province, with his friend Hang Kan, a professor and director of Peking University's School of Archaeology and Museology. There they saw a revolving wood repository that measures 2 meters in diameter.  Hang told him that centuries ago, monks used the repository as a library where they kept and retrieved sutras. He was inspired to create an installation of similar structure in 2010, called Gateway of Expedient Means.  Tai has placed it at the entrance of his ongoing solo exhibition at Beijing's Ink Studio. He says he hopes it not only reminds people of the importance of knowledge and extensive reading - it directs viewers' attention to Chinese cultural traditions' worldviews.  He says the work shows a correspondence between heaven and Earth pervasive in classic Chinese architecture: The top dougong (interlocking brackets) structure connects people with the heavenly world, and the part beneath indicates the human world.  Tai puts dozens of books inside the revolving installation like the monks did. However, they are empty books. Tai hopes visitors can write down their feelings about the work and their ideas about the universe.  The relationship between people and the cosmos is the core idea of Tai's current exhibition titled Speculative Cosmologies. Besides the installation Gateway of Expedient Means, he also shows dozens of ink-brush paintings, which shows his exploration with the age-old genre depicting mountains and water over the decade.  In these works, Tai presents an academic depth that he accumulated through continuous studies of Song Dynasty (960-1279) masterpieces. \"When I encounter obstacles while creating, I always turn to the Song predecessors for answers. They are my art professors,\" he says.  He also incorporates his understandings of the latest scientific discoveries of the universe - for example, his impressions of meteors and astronomical images.  He says new discoveries about the cosmos and the remaining secrets of the universe should be blended into ink artists' creations, because Chinese ink art has long essentially been an expression of how people view the world and deal with it properly.  Tai says his early worldview was formed in the spacious and extensive environment of Yinchuan, capital of the Ningxia Hui autonomous region, where he grew up.  Yinchuan sits on the banks of the Yellow River. Tai says it took him only 20 minutes to reach the river bank by bicycle, and he often played in the nearby Tenggeli and Maowusu deserts that surround Yinchuan.  \"The wilderness makes people feel closer to nature. Meanwhile, we understand that we are a part of nature and the universe, and we keep gaining power from them,\" he says.  He says the discussion of the relationship between people and the world is not exclusive to Chinese cultural traditions but a universal topic. He says that when he creates based on people's renewed understandings of the universe, he feels that his works can be appreciated by more viewers.  \"Artists present the most beautiful images to express their awe for nature, the creator of human beings. When he maintains the same respect, his art can resonate with more people.\" ", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "The observation that less is more, first associated with the German-American architect Ludwig Mies van der Rohe more than 70 years ago, has been embraced by a growing number of minimalists seeking to rid their minds and living environments of clutter and counter frenzied consumerism. Lin Hanxing is one of them. The 30-year-old, who lives in Beijing, owns just five shirts, two pairs of pants, four pairs of shoes, a trenchcoat, a down jacket and a meager smattering of various other items. All her belongings fit in a small suitcase. Five years ago, Lin said she was a member of the \"hand-chopping mafia\" - a slang internet term referring to shopaholics who feel the urge to figuratively cut off their hands to stop impulse buying. Lin, who works as an interpreter for an international company, said she used to spend lots of money buying fashionable clothes in the hope of \"winning people's recognition and attention\". At one time, she owned more than 400 items of clothing, shoes and handbags. These not only cluttered her 25-square-meter apartment in Beijing but also became an economic burden. \"My salary was around 15,000 yuan ($2,230) per month, but my monthly credit card bill would sometimes reach 25,000 to 30,000 yuan back then,\" Lin said. In 2014, she saw an online challenge had been launched by Joshua Becker, a blogger in the United States promoting a minimalist lifestyle. Participants were encouraged to reduce the number of possessions to less than 100. Lin decided to give it a try. She discarded 90 percent of her clothes, decorations, cookware, furniture, linen, tools and books, along with anything else in her home that was not \"essential to life\". In addition, she deleted 120 contacts on her social networking account to whom she had never spoken. After purging her life of much physical and emotional baggage, Lin said she felt \"lighter\". China is one of many countries that have been swept by a wave of minimalism as a lifestyle choice. While an increasing number of Chinese consumers have acquired strong purchasing power in recent years, some urbanites, such as Lin, are abandoning consumerism to pursue a more ascetic lifestyle as minimalists. Minimalism as a lifestyle philosophy is simple - the less you own, the happier you will be. Pare down and unclutter, the thinking goes, and your mind will have room to breathe. But minimalism comes in different forms. Some people are getting rid of books, papers, unused toys or even TV sets. Others are taking matters a step further, and once they have shed their possessions, they are moving out of their large homes in favor of smaller apartments. Some are attempting to reduce the barrage of information they face each day by limiting time spent on the internet. A report in The Wall Street Journal last year said consumerism is at its peak, thanks to multiple factors - \"rising income, fast fashion, ease of e-commerce and a wider embrace of use-and-throw culture as technology advances\". These are all combining to make frequent product upgrades a buyer's ritual.,Zhu Rui, a consumer market researcher in Beijing, said, \"Amid constant stimulation from society, many consumers now feel that things may have gone beyond their control.\" Zhu said most well-off Chinese, who have gone through a time of \"material scarcity\", are now using possessions as status symbols to show they are living a good life, adding, \"After getting rich, people like to purchase a lot of expensive things. \"However, when they become aware that what they possess is actually a kind of burden, or does not represent their taste at all, some may think differently about their lifestyles,\" and turn to minimalism to regain control. According to Becker, minimalism, which first emerged in some developed countries, is growing as a lifestyle movement because of \"an overwhelming worry of global financial turmoil\". He launched the blog becomingminimalist.com, which promotes a minimalist lifestyle and has garnered more than 1.3 million followers. He offered an explanation of why people across the US and the developed world are abandoning consumerism to live more simply: \"Rising unemployment, stagnant wages and falling stock prices have forced families and individuals to re-evaluate their purchases. People have begun living on tighter budgets. As a result, many consumers are choosing to identify the difference between essential and nonessential purchases.\" Sociologist Joel Stillerman said there is a connection between minimalism and a quest for well-being among certain educated, upper-middle-class areas of society in the US and other Western countries. In his book The Sociology of Consumption: A Global Approach he states that minimalism is also meant to \"project taste, refinement and aesthetic knowledge\". \"These people are making the statement: 'I can afford to have less. I appreciate books and travel and good meals',\" he said. Zeb Smith, 30, from the US, became a minimalist in 2014 after losing his job. He discovered that by reducing the number of items he owned, he had a better quality of life. Smith said he grew up in a typical US consumerist family. \"We had so many toys, clothes, videotapes, books and other things that you could not see the floor in our house. The messy home caused serious stress in my parents' marriage. They eventually got divorced.\" After losing his job, Smith and his wife moved to Colorado from Idaho, a distance of 1,450 kilometers. \"We could not afford a big trailer for the move, so we had to get rid of a lot of things. After we got to Colorado, we bought more things again, and marriage was hard. I worked all day and came home to a messy house.\" Smith and his wife noticed that their cluttered home was causing them stress. While his wife, Lauren, searched on the internet for ways to solve the problem, Smith wrote a book titled Minimalism in Real Life: 4 1/2 Practical Steps Towards a Meaningful Life, which was published under the name Jefferson Gow. Learning from his experience, he said he hoped to help people systematically create peace in their homes by practicing minimalism. \"Things are so affordable now that they no longer work as symbols of social status. Cleanliness and tidiness are becoming the new marks of wealth,\" he said. In the US, millennials - the 18 to 34 age group that comprises more than 25 percent of the population and the majority of the workforce - are the main driving force seeking a minimalist lifestyle. Robin Lewis, a US retail expert said: \"Millennials have a unique set of values around how they choose to spend their money. They grew up during the recession, entered a struggling job market and must now pay off record amounts of debt.\" He said the millennial generation is bigger than that of the baby boomers in terms of numbers, but has less money. \"This is a big threat to the economy. They're not into a lot of shopping,\" Lewis added. But this may not be the case in China. A report by market research company Euromonitor in London found young Chinese consumers spend less on possessions, but tend to spend more on, for example, short holidays and visits to the movies, with ticket sales rising by 13.5 percent last year. Alison Angus, head of lifestyles at Euromonitor, said this, in part, is driven by the rise of a Chinese counter-culture dubbed wenqing, or \"cultured youth\", but perhaps is better expressed by the word \"hipster\". \"They are rejecting materialism, which sort of goes against the grain in China,\" Angus said. \"They are looking for a life that is all about culture. They spend their leisure time reading poetry, going to art galleries, looking after pets and drinking little alcohol.\" However, some brands are still trying to tap the new generation of Chinese who have consciously decided to consume less. These approaches can take different forms. They range from the functional basics of Japanese retail company Muji and the production of simple quality clothing by Uniqlo, to subscription services, which are replacing ownership of music, books, movies and software. Electronic books and devices such as Kindle are among the top items bought by Chinese born in the 1990s and 2000s, according to data from Iresearch. Other industry trends in China, such as the booming sharing economy, in which, for example, consumers choose to use new services available through Didi and Mobike rather than buy cars, are also evidence of this trend, the report said. Prakash Ghai, an Indian minimalist, tried to introduce the concept to his country through photography. \"People first learn to acquire before learning to give up,\" he said, adding that although the minimalism movement has been evident for some years in the Western world, it is still a relatively new concept in India because \"many Indians are still learning to acquire\". But statistics from Google Trends show that minimalism is spreading from the Middle East to Western Europe. The top five countries and regions searching for information on \"minimalism\" in 2017 were Hong Kong, Iran, South Korea, the United Kingdom and the Philippines. In Asia, the most prominent minimalist is Japanese expert Marie Kondo, whose book The Life-Changing Magic of Tidying Up has sold millions of copies worldwide and inspired countless numbers of people to reorganize their homes and lives. Although Kondo focuses on tidiness, the psychological benefits of this overlap with the minimalists' goals. The book struck a chord with many middle-class readers and fueled their enthusiasm for minimalist lifestyles.,Zhou Yiyan, a fan of the book, was inspired by it and has capitalized on many middle-class Chinese consumers' desire for minimalism. In 2015, she launched a public account on WeChat called the No. 1 Organizing Platform, with the aim of introducing consumers to Japanese home organization techniques and to onsite consultants operating in China. Just 18 months later, her account has more than 200,000 followers. Zhou said Chinese clients who hire a well-regarded professional home organizer will likely have to pay about 1,500 yuan for a five-hour consultation. As it generally takes five to eight sessions to organize a home, the cost of making a house less cluttered can sometimes exceed 10,000 yuan. \"Uncluttering and minimizing are part of the process of getting organized,\" Zhou said. \"The main process in professional organizing is to edit and re-edit in order to fill your space with only worthy things. By minimizing, people are eliminating the things they don't love to create space for those they do.\" Zhou, who describes herself as a \"uncluttering consultant\", predicts that China will be swept by the trend to rid living areas of homes in first-tier cities of too many possessions. \"There are three main reasons behind this. First, housing prices in first-tier cities - vast metropolitan areas such as Beijing, Shanghai, and Guangzhou (capital of Guangdong province) - are rising rapidly. At the same time, a growing consumer class is spending more and more on products that, frankly, are junk,\" she said. However, some of these people have caught on to the fact that often the most expensive, attractive aspect of the home is the property itself, Zhou said. \"This actually shows that the newfound interest in the Japanese principles of paring down one's belongings and revealing space has come at exactly the right time,\" she said. \"Second, although increased consumer power coupled with the convenience of online shopping has encouraged a multitude of material possessions, for some people this trend has reached saturation point.\" Against the rising tide of cheap furniture, TVs and domestic appliances, the notion of practicing minimalism proves highly seductive. \"Third, the deeper concepts behind home organization attract educated, middle-class Chinese who are uninspired by the blind materialism of the country's predominant consumer culture,\" Zhou said. Even though minimalism has always advocated reduced consumption, the concept has helped spawn many new business opportunities in China. Yang Zhihua, who set up a \"training camp\" for minimalism in 2015, recruited thousands of people in China to practice living with fewer items; Carrie Yu and Joe Harvey opened a store in Beijing called the Bulk House to promote maximizing the use of existing items and a zero-waste lifestyle; while Lin Xun started a company to help simplify people's social networking and to unclutter their \"emotional waste\". Zhou said, \"I think Marie Kondo should now set her sights on China as her next market.\" She added that the trend toward minimalism is attracting attention worldwide - and, in China at least, is diversifying into new and interesting forms likely to prove lucrative to more business for a long time to come.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "China aims to provide more efficient and convenient immigration services, especially after a record number of foreigners entered and exited the country in 2018, immigration authorities said. Foreigners entered and exited the country more than 95 million times in 2018, up 11.6 percent year-on-year, according to the National Immigration Administration. China has become a popular destination, particularly for visitors from South Korea, Japan, the United States and Russia, the administration said. Foreigners entered China more than 100,000 times via 72 hour and 144 hour visa-free stopovers in 2018, an increase of 23.9 percent year-on-year, it added. The visa-free policy has been introduced in many Chinese cities to attract more foreign visitors. The administration said the increasing number of people entering and exiting China has posed challenges for border control authorities, leading to simplified inspection procedures. People entering and exiting the country\u00a3\u00adboth Chinese citizens and foreigners\u00a3\u00adwere inspected by immigration administration authorities more than 651 million times in 2018 with the average inspection time less than 45 seconds. To provide more convenient immigration services for foreigners, Beijing opened two new centers on Wednesday, offering visa, residence permit and permanent residency services. The center in Shijingshan district will better accommodate the needs of foreign talent recruited for the 2022 Winter Olympics in Beijing as its organizing committee is based in the district, while the center in Tongzhou district will aid with the development of the area where much of the municipal government has been relocated, according to the Beijing Municipal Public Security Bureau's Exit-Entry Administration Department. The capital has already set up four such centers since March 2016. Unlike previous facilities that received walk-in applicants, the new centers require foreigners to fill in online applications before making appointments to save time verifying documents. \"The new centers aim to further optimize the city's business environment and better serve foreign talent,\" said Che Yan, head of the department. \"Currently, there are about 3,000 foreign permanent residents and a larger floating foreign population in Tongzhou. Many of them said procedures for immigration services have been simplified in recent years,\" an officer at the Tongzhou center said on condition of anonymity. A kindergarten teacher from the United Kingdom who wished to be referred as Jema was at the Tongzhou center on Wednesday to renew her work visa. \"In the past, I had to go to the department's headquarters in downtown Beijing for visa services. Now ... by submitting applications online in advance I can receive my visa within just seven working days,\" she said. China also stipulates harsher punishments for foreigners who illegally enter, live or work in China after the new Exit and Entry Administration Law took effect in July 2013. In 2018, China deported 69,000 foreigners, the administration said.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "SHIJIAZHUANG - The Taihang Mountain Highway linking northern China's Hebei province with Beijing starts operation Friday, according to Hebei provincial transport department. The highway, with a total length of 650 km, connects Hebei's mountainous region with the capital and its neighboring provinces including Shanxi and Henan, benefiting a total of 7.4 million people living in the mountainous areas. The highway will facilitate the poverty-stricken population in the Taihang mountain region as the local government is speeding up the development of red tourism, agricultural and sanatorium industries, said an official with Hebei's transport department. The Taihang Mountain Highway has been built to be an important part of the integration of the transport network in the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "BEIJING -- A former senior disciplinary inspector stood trial at the No 2 Intermediate People's Court of Beijing Tuesday. Zhang Huawei was a senior member of the disciplinary inspection team of the Communist Party of China Central Committee, according to prosecutors. He allegedly took advantage of his position and used other officials to assist certain organizations and individuals in business operations, real estate deals, personal promotion, and graft investigation. Zhang was charged with accepting property worth more than 32.84 million yuan ($4.8 million) personally and through his wife from 2006 to 2014. The prosecutors, defendant, and his lawyers cross-examined evidence and gave their own full accounts, said a statement from the court. Zhang pleaded guilty and expressed remorse at the court. Zhang's family, legislators, political advisors, media and members of the public attended the trial. The court will announce the verdict at a later date.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "To outsiders, Taonan looks like an ordinary county-level city with few opportunities, but local college graduates, especially girls, have become role models. Since 2014, the poverty-stricken city in Jilin province has seen 37 women with college degrees return from big cities to start careers or build businesses. It all began with one woman, Wang He. Wang, 36, was a teacher and educational agency owner in Tianjin. In 2014, she had the idea of starting a cooperative in her hometown, Taonan, selling mung beans online. Taonan is a major mung bean distribution center in China. Most of the beans wholesale at around 50 yuan ($7.30) per metric ton. In the beginning, Wang followed the standard model, but after three months few beans had been sold. Later, along with five female colleagues, Wang decided to grow organic mung beans and sell select products to high-end markets. They also created a brand called \"Tao Bao\", meaning treasure of Taonan. Wang and her team traveled to cities such as Beijing and Shanghai to promote their products in supermarkets. Business took off in the second year after several high-end supermarkets accepted their products. A bag of beans weighing 400 grams now sells for 30 yuan, and Wang has signed contracts with more than 50 farmers in her hometown to grow organic products. That has brought in more than 3 million yuan for the farmers. \"Our income has doubled by cooperating with Wang,\" said Chen Feng, a local farmer. To encourage business, the local government leased an old 20,000-square-meter factory to them as a working venue, at no cost to Wang. As Wang's fame grew in Taonan, more local female college graduates joined the venture. \"Cramming in the subway and sitting all day in a cubicle is not the life I wanted,\" said Jiao Qi, 30, who had a white-collar job in Shanghai. Jiao left Shanghai in 2014 to become Wang's assistant. \"Selling beans may sound unimportant, but I can find my inner freedom here building my own career,\" she said. Casting aside her well-ironed white blouses, Jiao often wears loose floral dresses to attend various local events. Young graduates like Jiao can now start their own businesses in the factory thanks to Wang's support. Zhang Zhongyue, a fresh graduate from China University of Political Science and Law in Beijing, returned to Taonan to attend to her sick father. She works for Tao Bao but also started her own trademark agency at the factory. \"If I went to a law firm in Beijing, I would probably be an assistant for the first few years,\" Zhang said. \"Here I am able to run my own business right after graduation.\" Tao Bao offers registration capital, working venues and social connections in the factory for startups like Zhang's. \"The Girl Team is one of our brand characters. We want to prove that female self-starters can overcome challenges and build a career,\" Wang said.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Yu Qun, a member of the leadership of China's Ministry of Culture and Tourism, met with several government cultural delegations led by Sanoussy Bantama Sow, Guinea's Minister of Sports, Culture and Historical Heritage, in Beijing on Dec 7. The two sides discussed and exchanged opinions on further promoting cultural exchanges and cooperation between China and Guinea, reached a number of consensus, and signed the implementation plan (2018-2021) for their agreement on cultural cooperation between the two governments. Yu Qun reviewed the Beijing Summit of the Forum on China-Africa Cooperation and the fruitful achievements of China-Africa cultural exchanges and cooperation. He said China would like to work with Guinea to carry out the implementation plan (2018-2021) to effectively promote the comprehensive and in-depth development of cultural exchanges and cooperation between the two countries and make new contributions to the development of Sino-Guinean relations. Sow said Guinea highly appreciates the unremitting efforts made by the Chinese Minister of Culture and Tourism to consolidate and develop bilateral friendly relations over a long period of time. Guinea is ready to work with China to actively promote cultural exchanges and cooperation between the two countries and promote mutual understanding and friendship between the two peoples. At the invitation of the Ministry of Culture and Tourism of China, Sow and his delegation visited Beijing, Shanghai and Hangzhou from Nov 30 to Dec 8.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "WUHAN -- A quantum telecommunication network has been put into service in Wuhan, capital of Central China's Hubei province, the network builder said Tuesday.  Wu Xiaofeng, deputy director of the Fourth Institute of China Aerospace Science and Industry Corporation, said the network was now used for communication among government agencies in Wuhan. It is the first quantum communication network in central China.  According to a national plan, the network will be connected to other similar city quantum networks along the Yangtze River.  A quantum telecommunication line is also under construction between Wuhan and Hefei, capital of Anhui province.  Anhui is on a 2,000-km quantum communication line in China. Known as the Jing-Hu (Beijing-Shanghai) Trunk Line, it connects Beijing, Jinan, Hefei and Shanghai.  The line is the world's first trunk line for secure quantum telecommunications.", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "The number of visitors to the International Horticultural Exhibition in Beijing reached 35,000 by 7 pm on the event's opening day on Monday, according to the expo's coordination bureau. Early Monday morning, a flock of visitors formed a line as they waited to get into the park in Beijing's northwestern Yanqing district at the 9 am opening. The event continues for 161 additional days. Cai Qi, Party secretary of the capital and director of the expo's executive committee, announced the opening of the park in front of the China Pavilion, one of the main sites for horticultural exhibitions at the foot of the Great Wall. Near the entrance to the China Pavilion, a girl dressed like a flower helped draw tourists to visit. Wang Enlan, a 70-year-old Beijing resident, had spent a month planning a visit to the expo park on its opening day. She and her husband spent the night in Yanqing on Sunday, and she said they couldn't wait to get in. \"We drove about 60 kilometers from Xicheng district to see the big event, which is totally worth it,\" Wang said. \"I will bring my grandson to the expo during his summer vacation.\" As an A1-level expo\u00a3\u00adthe highest rank\u00a3\u00adthe event has scheduled more than 2,500 activities of many kinds. It expects to see some 16 million visitors from home and abroad. More than 400 volunteers in blue and white uniforms were on duty on the first day in various places around the expo park. They provided many types of assistance, such as translation and giving directions. Jiang Zehui, chairwoman of the China Flower Association, said the opening means a lot to the horticulture industry since the exhibition hit a record high in terms of participating countries. Jiang, who spoke during a visit to INBAR Garden, which demonstrates bamboo and rattan's contribution to green development, said it also is a way to raise people's awareness about embracing a green lifestyle. Over 110 countries and international organizations as well as 120 nongovernmental organizations and provincial or local exhibitors are participating in the event. This is the second time China has hosted an A1-level horticulture expo, the first being in 1999 in Kunming, Yunnan province.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "BEIJING -- Five students have been put in administrative detention and fined, after a video of them bullying a schoolmate went viral on the internet.  In the video, the victim was standing in a toilet, while the bullies forced him to touch excrement. School uniforms worn by the students indicated that the incident happened in a school in Beijing's Yanqing district.  Police with the Yanqing district Branch of Beijing Municipal Public Security Bureau said Monday that the video was taken on Thursday. The seven students involved in the case also extorted more than 100 yuan ($15) from the victim and physically abused him.  Of the seven bullies, two were exempted from punishment because they are under the age of 14, although their guardians were told to be more strict with them, police said.  Education authorities in Yanqing district placed two of the students under surveillance, while gave demerits on the records of four. Another bully was given a warning. The parents of the seven students were summoned for talks.  There have been frequent media reports on bullying in China's schools recent years.  In December 2016, a Beijing mother's article describing her 10-year-old son's treatment at school, went viral. After having a toilet waste-paper basket thrown on his head and being mocked by other classmates, the fourth-grade boy was diagnosed with an acute stress disorder, a mental illness characterized by severe anxiety.  In April 2016, another video went viral showing a schoolgirl being slapped more than 30 times by a group of older girls. Police detained a number of the perpetrators.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "  Products and services have been upgraded to benefit passengers, including online ticket purchasing, mobile payments, facial recognition for entering a station, easier transfers and onboard food ordering. All aim to satisfy diverse needs, according to China Railway Corp. Robots have also been added to several large stations to answer passengers' questions and provide entertainment. \"When passengers have questions about how to buy tickets, how to change a date or find restaurants or a nearby parking lot, robots can provide the answers,\" said Li Yang, a staff member at Jinan West Railway Station in Shandong province. The robots are amusing, too. \"It's not so boring\" to wait for trains anymore, Li said. The latest move\u00a3\u00adallowing passengers on some bullet trains to order food online from restaurants and have it delivered to their seats\u00a3\u00adstarted on July 17. The China Railway Corp ticket booking website and app allow users who intend to pass through selected stations to preorder meals, either from the train's catering service or from partner businesses, such as KFC. Initially, the service will be available at 27 high-speed rail stations in 24 cities, mainly provincial capitals and major metropolises, including Shanghai, Tianjin, Zhengzhou, Guangzhou and Nanjing. Liu Kun took a bullet train from Beijing to Qingdao and ordered KFC in advance when booking her ticket. The food was scheduled for delivery at Jinan West Railway Station. \"My food was delivered to my seat as soon as the train left Jinan. It was so convenient and the price is about the same as at KFC stores,\" Liu said. According to CRC, the move aims to meet the diverse and individualized demands of passengers by introducing more brands and restaurants, diversifying meal choices and providing richer services. New technology also enriches passengers' travel experiences. At Lanzhou West train station in Lanzhou, Gansu province, a facial recognition system was installed in May to allow passengers to pass the security check more efficiently,\" said Wang Jian, the station head. A facial recognition system can speed up verification of passenger identity, which was done before by train station staff members checking train tickets and ID cards. Now, passengers scan their tickets and ID cards at the facial recognition machine. When passengers make the scan, a camera installed in the machine will capture facial images. If the image matches the ID card and ticket, the gate will open automatically to allow entry. Several large train stations have launched facial recognition systems, including Guangzhou, Beijing and Changsha. Beijing West Railway Station was among the first to have it. A passenger surnamed Zhang experienced the facial recognition there in December when it was first launched. \"It was fun to go through the gate using the facial recognition system. But it sometimes slows things down at the checkpoint because passengers are not familiar with the new technique,\" Zhang said, adding that she prefers the facial recognition system when not in a hurry.    ", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "The majority of fake stories shared on the Chinese internet involve food safety or give health advice, an online information verification team set up by tech giant Tencent said on Wednesday. Fact Check, a platform that analyzes online rumors, released a list of the top 10 online rumors that duped Chinese netizens since April last year. Eight related to people's health\u00a3\u00adespecially the safety of food and medicine. In February, for example, a video that included claims that seaweed containing plastic was being sold in China made the rounds on the internet. The video was quickly proved false by the Center for Food Safety Risk Assessment in Beijing, according to the platform, yet it still resulted in a nearly 100 million yuan loss ($14.7 million) to the seaweed industry in Fujian province. \"Netizens are easily attracted by health information online and like to forward it to friends or family members,\" said Wang Yang, an employee responsible for the platform at Tencent, the company behind WeChat. Wang's team tabulated more than 2,000 pieces of false information from 2.2 million WeChat users this year, finding that around 45 percent related to health and 16 percent to food safety. \"Many netizens who forwarded such fake health information are over 60 years old and not well-educated,\" she said. Another survey of 70,000 netizens by the team echoed those results. The platform listed 10 popular but false online rumors over the past year, finding that people over 60 years old had the highest chance of being tricked\u00a3\u00adas high as 33.8 percent. \"To prevent older netizens from being duped by fake information, we started to cooperate with food and medicine administrations this year, hoping to post authorized responses and verify the information in a timely manner,\" Wang said. Kou Fei, 29, an employee of a Beijing educational institute, said her parents often send or forward health-related information, \"but sometimes I cannot distinguish fake ones, as I don't have much scientific knowledge\". Beijing's cybersecurity authority said it has created a system, with several internet companies, to identify fake information online using key words to clean rumors in a timely manner.    ", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "A child from a poverty-stricken, mountainous part of southwestern China who gained online fame last year as the \"snowflake boy\" has moved into a new house and is embracing a new life. Wang Fuman, from rural Ludian, Yunnan province, attracted nationwide attention a year ago after photos showing his ice-covered hair after a walk to school went viral online. Fuman, 9, and his family moved into a new house in June, and he is now living with his elder sister, mother and an ailing grandmother. His father, Wang Gangkui, works at a construction site in Kunming, the provincial capital. The family received donations from all over the country after Fuman became an internet sensation. He and his sister visited Beijing last winter at the invitation of People's Public Security University of China, with the trip organized by China Construction Third Engineering Bureau. Even though family members underwent trials last year, Wang said his son hasn't been too much affected. \"Fuman performs well in school and is currently preparing for his final exam,\" Wang said. \"His classmates are all treating him as well as usual.\" The many firsts Fuman experienced last year included being an internet sensation, flying in an airplane, going to the national capital and appearing on television. Before his fame, Fuman dreamed of becoming a policeman. After seeing the differences between a big city and his mountain home, he still has that ambition. \"I appreciate those warmhearted people who helped us,\" the Grade 4 student said. \"I will study hard and go out of the mountains on my own to repay them.\" His father added: \"I contact him and other family members every week by phone, and he also shares his school life with me. Fuman and his sister often talk about how wonderful Beijing is, so I still need to work harder to offer my children a good life, even though many warmhearted people have given us a lot of help.\" Kunming is more than 400 kilometers from Ludian, and Wang returned home only three times last year. His next visit is scheduled for next month's Spring Festival. The new house has left the family several tens of thousands of yuan in debt, but Wang said it will be paid off in two years to three years. He now earns 3,000 to 4,000 yuan ($440 to $585) a month, in a job that China Construction Third Engineering Bureau helped him find. Concerned that the contrast between his hometown and the outside world would affect Fuman, teachers at Zhuanshanbao Primary School gave him special guidance after his return from Beijing, deputy headmaster Fu Heng told people.cn. Heating equipment was installed last year in the school's classrooms and new dormitories, with the help of the local government and outside donations. Fuman and more than 70 other students stay in the new dormitories four nights a week to avoid early morning walks to school in freezing temperatures. \"My son goes to school every Monday, and leaves school on Friday,\" Wang said. \"The school also covers his living expenses, so I feel reassured about his school life.\" Fu said society's warm response had let the students experience the beauty of the world, and many now want to venture out of the mountains. \"The seed of a dream has been planted,\" he said. \"We have full expectations for the future.\"", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "Many cultural relics of the Palace Museum\u00a3\u00adChina's former imperial palace in Beijing, which is also known as the Forbidden City\u00a3\u00adand some ancient books in the collection of the National Library of China are in the two institutions due to the efforts of Zheng Zhenduo (1898-1958). Zheng, a pioneer in cultural-relic protection in New China, was honored by the museum and library in Beijing on Wednesday. The day marked the 120th anniversary of his birth. Zheng was the first director of the National Cultural Heritage Administration after 1949. When he took the position, the country had just started reconstruction after the civil war. Zheng immediately began his endeavor to bring some lost treasures home. Boyuan Tie (letter to Boyuan) and Zhongqiu Tie (letter about Mid-Autumn Festival)\u00a3\u00adtop calligraphy works from the fourth century\u00a3\u00adwere once beloved by emperor Qianlong of the Qing Dynasty (1644-1911). But they were lost after the monarchy fell. Zheng's coordination enabled their return from Hong Kong to the Chinese mainland for 350,000 HK dollars in 1950. Zheng also persuaded art guru Zhang Daqian to sell Night Revels of Han Xizai, a 10th-century scroll painting, from his private collection to the country's cultural institutions at \"a low price\".,All three artworks are now among top artifacts housed at the Palace Museum. Zheng's contributions went beyond. \"He has left abundant legacies for us to consolidate cultural relic-related work today,\" Shan Jixiang, director of the Palace Museum, said at the memorial seminar. \"He pushed for a legal system to protect the cultural relics. He started training others to protect them. Many of his theories still guide our everyday work.\" Zheng opened the first training class in New China on ancient-book restoration in the 1950s. He wanted the Palace Museum to do more than just collect royal artifacts, by building a comprehensive collection of different artworks and educating museum visitors about the history of cultural relics. \"These ideas were pioneering in his time,\" says Gu Yucai, deputy director of the National Cultural Heritage Administration. \"We are working on them today.\" During the War of Resistance Against Japanese Aggression (1931-1945), he saved many ancient books to prevent them from being lost. Zheng got into debt buying some 600 ancient pottery figurines in 1947 and '48, during the civil war. However, he donated all the figurines to the country's cultural institutions after taking his official position at the heritage administration. Many of the figurines are regularly displayed in the sculpture gallery of the Palace Museum. And after his death, Zheng's wife donated some 7,000 copies of ancient books to the National Library of China, following his will. Some items from this donation are displayed at an exhibition that opened on Wednesday at the same library as a tribute to him. A catalog of his ancient book collection was also published on the same day for academic studies. \"The exhibition is not only to show Zheng's marvelous collection,\" says Zhang Zhiqing, deputy director of the national library, \"but also to remind people of his legacy.\" Zheng advocated that archaeologists and relics researchers should not collect or buy antiques as personal belongings. In 1997, this idea was listed by the National Cultural Heritage Administration among professional ethics for workers in the field of cultural relics. Born in Wenzhou, Zhejiang province, Zheng once taught in top higher-education institutions, such as Yenching University (now part of Peking University) and Tsinghua University in Beijing, and Fudan University in Shanghai. He also worked on history, traditional Chinese folklore and literature. As a translator, he introduced Indian Nobel laureate Rabindranath Tagore's Stray Birds in China, and did many comparative studies between Chinese and Western cultures. Zheng died in a plane crash in 1958.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "        Former vice-premier Qian Qichen, who was China's foreign minister for a decade, died on Tuesday night in Beijing, according to a statement from the central authority released on Wednesday. He was 90. Qian was born in 1928 in Tianjin. In 1942, he joined the Communist Party of China as a middle school student in Shanghai. After studying in the former Soviet Union, he began his diplomatic career by working in the Chinese embassy in Moscow in 1955. Qian later served as ambassador to Guinea and director-general of the foreign ministry's Information Department. He had a close relationship with the press. Early in his career, Qian worked at Shanghai's Ta Kung Pao, which is said to be the oldest Chinese language newspaper still in operation in China. While serving as head of the Information Department, he proposed establishing a spokesman system and even acted as de facto first spokesman of the ministry. Qian was vice-foreign minister from 1982 to 1988 and minister from 1988 to 1998. He was vice-premier of the State Council from 1993 and retired in 2003. Shi Yinhong, director of the Center of US Studies at Renmin University of China in Beijing, said Qian \"made great contributions to China's relations with the US, Russia and neighboring countries\". \"He was a very experienced diplomat. With a calm character, he was good at handling crises and was trusted by generations of Chinese leaders.\" Qian was the first Chinese foreign minister to attend an ASEAN event, the 1991 ASEAN Foreign Ministers Meeting in Malaysia. It was the first time China formally recognized ASEAN as an institution and laid the groundwork for future ASEAN-China cooperation. Ruan Zongze, executive vice-president of the China Institute of International Studies, said Qian managed to improve China's relations with Western countries in the 1990s. \"He was also the first Chinese diplomat to publish a book\u00a3\u00adTen Episodes in China's Diplomacy\u00a3\u00adto reveal stories behind the scenes in his own perspective,\" Ruan said. In 1996, Qian was appointed director of the Preparatory Committee of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "China's top legislative and political advisory body started its annual sessions, kicking off an important political season that will highlight new missions for the country's goal of a \"great modern socialist country\". Foreign Minister Wang Yi has held a press conference on China's foreign policy and external relations on the sidelines of the annual session of the National People's Congress in Beijing, March 8, 2018. As an opportunity for the world to watch China, let's take a look at what overseas media said. Wang, speaking on the sidelines of an annual meeting of China's parliament, said China and the United States did not have to be rivals, and history showed that trade wars were not the correct way to resolve problems. China's foreign minister Wang Yi said on Thursday that China would make a necessary response in the event of a trade war with the United States but added that such a war would only harm all sides.,China's foreign minister Wang Yi called on the United States and North Korea on Thursday (March 8) to have talks as soon as possible and said peace must prevail, amid signs of easing tension over North Korea's nuclear and missile threats.,Speaking at a news conference on the sidelines of the annual meeting of parliament, Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi said the Belt and Road was a \"sunshine initiative\" that was open and for all to benefit from.,China says it wants a more active role for the Shanghai Cooperation Organization, an eight-nation grouping dominated by Beijing and Moscow. Foreign Minister Wang Yi on Thursday said Beijing will work with the other members to \u00a1\u00b0take a clearer stance\u00a1\u00b1 on major issues and play a more prominent part in regional cooperation and global economic governance.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Liu Ya, a 28-year-old manager at a public relations agency in Beijing, switches on her phone and opens a fitness app. With just a few taps, she has registered for her weekly barre class, which involves using a handrail that provides support for various types of exercise, incorporates movements derived from ballet, and combines positions and movements drawn from yoga and Pilates. On a designated day, Liu goes to the fitness room, checks in with her phone, changes into sports gear and awaits the start of the class with 39 others. This is her routine before each weekly workout. After an hour of sweaty activity, she sometimes takes photos of the session to post on WeChat. \"I think the internet has really changed the way people work out,\" she said. \"The fitness apps give us more options. Rather than just going to a gym and training by yourself or hiring a private trainer, they can link online and offline alternatives.\" With the rapid growth of fitness communities and increasing demand for professional instruction, new trends have emerged in recent years, attracting young users through socializing, group classes, qualified coaching and flexible payment methods.,In March, sports technology company Keep opened three offline fitness rooms in Beijing called Keepland. The aim is to persuade some of its online users to join offline communities, helping cultivate loyalty and fueling enthusiasm. According to a report from market research consultancy Analysys in Beijing, as of April, more than 68 million people in China were using online platforms to support sporty lifestyles\u00a3\u00ada year-on-year rise of 2.22 percent. Li Jinyi, vice-president of Keep, said online users' needs will be upgraded and Keepland can keep up with such changes. \"Users may not have that much time to go online and find solutions, or they can't find exactly what they need. But the offline courses can help locate weaknesses or provide future goals, which coaches can guide people to attain,\" he said. Fitness brand SpaceCycle was launched in 2015 by Matthew Allison, the former president of EMI Music in Asia, and now has six clubs in Beijing, Shanghai and Taipei, in Taiwan, offering cycling, yoga, barre and dance classes with inspiring background music. Liu, a SpaceCycle member, said she sometimes uses its app for more than just registering for classes. \"You can search for some music and buy fitness gear with just one app. You can also post and browse photos of people working out, and chat with others to get motivation,\" she said. \"I think the fitness apps are trying to mix working out and socializing.\" Li said it is important to socialize, as people need encouragement from others to advance, and users can get together and form a community by attending offline salons or other activities at Keepland.,\"It's hard to persist by yourself,\" he said. \"But if you have a partner or team members, the interactions and encouragement can support you in finally achieving your goal.\" Li said another reason to socialize is to help users improve their athletic performance, as they can communicate with coaches and exchange experiences with classmates after sessions, especially when more people want to work out and choose a suitable training plan. Keepland has installed a screen that can interact with users by showing the latest content, technology and activities. \"It is also convenient for us to organize better offline activities, salons and discussions, and a variety of communication activities are even organized by users themselves. This is how we can provide more for the users,\" Li said. In recent years, the Chinese government has introduced policies to vigorously support the development of the health service and sports fitness industries, and to promote expansion of the fitness industry. In 2013, the State Council issued a guideline to promote development of the health service industry\u00a3\u00adextending the nationwide fitness campaign and increasing awareness of physical fitness.,In 2016, the National Fitness Program for 2016-20 was launched by the State Council to promote overall health development, with the target of getting 435 million people to regularly take part in physical exercise by 2020. According to IBISWorld, a global business intelligence information provider, over the past five years, the fitness industry in China has grown by 11.2 percent to reach revenue of $7 billion this year. In the same time, the number of businesses has grown by 8.7 percent and the number of employees has risen by 7.6 percent. With the number of traditional training facilities rising from about 500 in 2001 to more than 37,000 this year, different fitness brands providing personalized group classes on the internet, or related technology, are appearing and have proved popular, especially among the younger generation, according to the China Briefing website. Keepland offers self-developed mixed intensity and training, also known as MIXT, and specialized fitness courses for its offline users as well as providing smart sports devices for real-time monitoring of body data. The program integrates online and offline data to facilitate the development of personalized fitness regimens. Li said data collection and continued curriculum development as well as cooperation with other fitness systems has led to nearly 280 courses being provided to meet users' needs. The classes include \"Bubble Butt\" for hip and leg toning, \"Core Master\" for abdominal muscles, and dancing classes such as Zumba (a dance form with an aerobics fitness program). Xia Jinglong, co-founder of Supermonkey, said it is paying close attention to self-developed classes to meet customers' needs. \"The fitness needs in China and abroad are quite different due to diverse cultural influences,\" he said. \"For example, we have developed the 'Butt Shaper' lesson, which is more suitable for Chinese, as female practitioners wish to reshape their hips, but want to keep their legs slim at the same time.\" Founded in 2014 in Shenzhen, Guangdong province, Supermonkey now has more than 100 fitness rooms in seven cities, including Beijing and Shanghai. Xia said curriculum innovation reflects changes in the fitness concept in China, as more people now understand that this is essentially a way of life. Liu said the classes she has registered for with SpaceCycle, which she takes once or twice a week, allow her to meet basic exercise needs and maintain her health.,\"People used to think that being skinny was beautiful, especially for women,\" she said. \"But now the concept has been changing, with more and more people appreciating the beauty of a healthy, slim, or even muscular shape.\" Meanwhile, customers are paying more attention to the quality of classes, another change brought by the increased awareness of fitness. Liang Junyao, a 30-year-old graphic designer who takes classes at Supermonkey, said small-sized ones can greatly improve her athletic ability, since coaches can take care of each member and offer advice. Liang said a traditional gym may be more suitable for those who have already formed fitness habits, have a certain level of knowledge of the subject, and know how to use the facilities, while small-sized classes are ideal for newcomers or those who need inspiration and instruction. \"Many traditional gyms have similar courses, but they always have too many members at a time when the coaches may not have proper qualifications,\" he said. Liang has frequently attended a group class studio at Supermonkey, whose instructors all have international qualifications, and some are even regional project leaders for world-class fitness regimens in China. Li, from Keep, said most of the coaches at Keepland are self-trained, but he will invite some from the industry with the right qualifications to work part-time, especially when there are not enough coaches to match the number of courses. Keepland recently signed an agreement with the Champion Foundation, which was established by former speed skater Yang Yang in 2008 to help retired athletes. These athletes have provided a steady supply of coaches for the brand. Keep is also preparing to launch a virtual coaching service by using artificial intelligence. By combining all the exercise data from online users, as well as smart health and fitness facilities, Keep believes virtual coaching services can help more consumers to access personalized coaching services relatively cheaply. With consumption upgrades accelerating, more people are paying attention to their quality of life and physical health, and are more willing to pay for \"fitness consumption\", according to a report on Chinese consumers released by consulting company Accenture in July. Last year, the value of China's fitness industry was about 150 billion yuan ($21.43 billion), and its compound annual growth rate in the past six years was 7.7 percent, according to analysis company Zhi Yan. Targeting clients ages 25 to 35 in first- and second-tier cities, Supermonkey wants to take the retail route to encourage more people to work out, Xia said, with the main consumption method being pay-per-visit. Each class costs less than 100 yuan at most of the facilities, including Keepland, Supermonkey and Space-Cycle. In addition to paying each time they visit, customers can choose to buy packages for fitness classes.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Performances on the horse head fiddle, hide carvings, Mongolian dance and an ethnic costume fashion show wowed visitors to Erdos, Inner Mongolia autonomous region on August 30. Foreign students from countries, including Nepal, Kazakhstan and Vietnam,alongside representatives from multi-national companies, had a closer look at the local culture at the Erdos intangible culture heritage exhibition center. \"I've heard of Inner Monglian culture before, but it's amazing to experience those exotic elements of it in person,\" extolled Kumar Khadka from Nepal. \"The hide carving is exquisite and dancing with local Mongolians was great fun,\" enthused the 28-year-old, who's currently studying Chinese philosophy in Beijing. The program was part of the ancient Silk Road tour that was initiated by the Chinese People's Association for Friendship with Foreign Countries and aims to promote trade and cultural exchange. The tour kicked off in Beijing this week and is set to continue until September 29, visiting significant sites in seven countries, including Kazakhstan, Uzbekistan, Poland, the Czech Republic, France and the Netherlands. Business talks, youth forums, cultural exhibitions and sport exchanges are to be staged during the tour.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "A Beijing family has stopped making appeals for medical donations after questions about their financial status raised concern of potential fraud. Lai Chunrong put out an appeal for 1 million yuan on shuidichou.com after her son, Wu Shuai, a cross talk performer, was admitted to hospital on April 8, 2019, with a brain haemorrhage. In her appeal, Lai suggested the family could not afford her son's treatment, as both parents had retired and were living on pensions. However, she has since put an end to her campaign after it was revealed her family owned two apartments in Beijing, as well as a car. As of May 3, 2019, the online campaign on shuidichou.com had raised just under 148,000 yuan ($22,000). Shuidichou.com has since responded to the situation last night, May 5 amid online concerns that it should be more responsible in vetting who puts out calls for donations via its platform, and informed public that as of May 5, 2019, the money had not been transferred to the hospital from the platform. The website is designed as a fundraising platform for poverty-stricken families to appeal for medical help. Its operators note it\u00a1\u00afs not authorized to verify asset information which users are asked to provide. Shuidichou.com has come under fire before, after it was confirmed that an appeal for donations for a sick girl in the Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region came from a family which also had the means to pay for her care.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "The Netherlands is making collaboration with China a priority to expand bilateral educational exchanges, said Bas Pulles, deputy head of mission at the Dutch embassy in China. \"China has been the priority on educational collaboration. ... That means we are still looking for an increase, not only in terms of numbers (of Chinese students studying in the Netherlands) but also for a sharper focus on quality,\" Pulles told Xinhua after the Orange Tulip Scholarship award ceremony in Beijing on June 29. \"This year marks the 10th anniversary of the OTS scholarships in China. The past decade has seen remarkable growth in the scholarship program,\" he said. In 2008, the value of OTS scholarships available to students on the Chinese mainland was about 10,000 euros ($11,572) offered by one Dutch institute for higher education. In 2018, this total had reached nearly 770,000 euros offered by 20 Dutch institutes for higher education, according to Nuffic Neso China. Headquartered in The Hague, Nuffic is a Dutch organization for internationalization in education, which has 11 offices around the world, including one in Beijing. Pulles said educational cooperation between the Netherlands and China has continued to maintain momentum, adding that universities interested in collaborating in the fields of science and research visit the Dutch embassy every week. There are more than 200 partnerships between the two countries in higher education and 30 partnerships in secondary education, according to Nuffic Neso China. Overseas students from China and the Netherlands are acting as informal ambassadors to strengthen mutual understanding and foster friendship between the two countries, Pulles said. The Netherlands is a good place for Chinese students to pursue their studies abroad, and the country is friendly to foreign students due to the open-mindedness of the Dutch people and their willingness to understand different cultures and lifestyles, he said. \"Holland is the 17th largest economy in the world. Some of the world's biggest multinationals, including Philips, Heineken, KLM, Shell, ING and Unilever, are Dutch,\" he said. \"International graduates can apply for a one-year residence permit to help them find a job or start a business.\" Pulles advised Chinese students to participate in university and community activities, like voluntary work and students associations, and to make friends with international students. Over 8,000 Chinese students are studying in the Netherlands, representing the second biggest group of international students there. There are around 2,000 Dutch students currently in China. \"I think studying in China is attractive, because China will become so important. ... If you look to the future as a young (Dutch) student, I would say you should spend some time in China, because sooner or later it will become useful for your career,\" Pulles said. \"The educational levels of universities in China are increasing rapidly. ... You can find good education here.\" The China-proposed Belt and Road Initiative will also provide more opportunities for bilateral educational cooperation, Pulles added.", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "An exhibition titled Treasures of China will open in Riyadh as part of an exchange program that saw Saudi relics displayed in Beijing last year, Wang Kaihao reports. From December 2016 to March 2017, a major cultural relics exhibition, Roads of Arabia: Archaeological Treasures of Saudi Arabia, was held at the National Museum of China in Beijing. Its closing ceremony was attended by President Xi Jinping and Saudi King Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud in a mark of its success. The exhibition, which included 400-odd artifacts from 15 Saudi museums, served as a reminder to the Chinese public that Saudi Arabia can not simply be stereotyped as a land of oil and wealth, but also as a country with a rich history and culture.,Following a nihao (hello) from the Saudi side, it is now the turn of their Chinese counterparts to reply with a \"salaam\" by sending some of their national treasures to Riyadh to showcase the prominence of ancient Chinese civilizations. Treasures of China will open at the National Museum of Saudi Arabia on Sept 13, putting 264 exhibits, including 173 cultural relics, from China on display, it was announced at a news conference in Beijing last week. This will be the largest Chinese cultural relics exhibition ever to be held in the region, and is due to run until Nov 23.,According to Xu He, curator of the exhibition from Art Exhibitions China, an organization in charge of Sino-foreign cultural relics exchange exhibitions, 13 institutions nationwide\u00a3\u00adincluding the Palace Museum in Beijing, the Shaanxi History Museum in Xi'an, and the Luoyang Museum in Henan province\u00a3\u00adsent contributions from their collections for the upcoming exhibition. \"We want to present a comprehensive history of China to Saudi visitors,\" Xu says. \"The artifacts will be displayed in time order. \"The different facets of the Chinese dynasties over the centuries are shown through people's lifestyles, artistic achievements and their communication with foreign countries,\" she says. \"The continuity and inclusiveness of Chinese civilization will be reflected through this.\",Many of the most globally recognized Chinese cultural relics have been chosen for this exhibition, like the oldest artifact in China's catalog\u00a3\u00ada pot dating back to 3000 BC which is decorated with images of human faces and fish. It was unearthed in Banpo, a Neolithic relic site in Shaanxi province. The world-famous Terracotta Warriors, which will also be on show, are known for being the life-size figurine soldiers that guard the mausoleum of Qinshihuang, the first Chinese \"emperor\" from the 3rd century BC, in today's Xi'an. A two-meter-high figurine of an admiral was chosen for the exhibition to allow people to catch a glimpse of \"Qinshihuang's secret army\". Admiral figurines are very precious, since only a handful of them were dug up during the excavation work at the mausoleum.,It might be the case that this warrior was selected for his friendly gesture, as he looks like he's about to shake hands. He will also be escorted by three soldiers and a horse-drawn chariot from the mausoleum for this trip to Riyadh. \"This (display) will be the most number of Terracotta Warriors that we have ever agreed to send abroad for a comprehensive exhibition,\" Xu adds. Another highlight will be a jade outfit sewn with gold threads. Burial suits like these were used exclusively for emperors and their closest kin during the Han Dynasty (206 BC to AD 220). It was unearthed from a Han vassal king's tomb in today's Xuzhou, Jiangsu province.,The curator was careful to select items that specifically reflect Chinese national totems like the easily-recognizable C-shaped jade dragon and items bearing images of dragons and phoenixes, and items that connect with Arabic culture. \"The ancient Silk Road was crucial conduit for cultural communication between the Islamic world and China,\" Xu says. \"This is why we have so many cultural relics in China that reflect the influence of Islamic culture.\" Many of the exhibits from the Tang Dynasty (618-907) used figurines on camels and figurines of Western Asian people; ceramics inscribed with Arabic words, and Islamic tombstones from Zayton (today's Quanzhou, Fujian province)\u00a3\u00ada pivotal trade port on Maritime Silk Road in the Song (960-1279) and Yuan (1271-1368) dynasties.,Speaking about the upcoming event, Fahad Majed Alshareef, the Saudi cultural attache in China, says: \"Saudi people have great expectations for the exhibition because it is a rare chance for us to see the brilliance of traditional Chinese culture first hand.\" \"The connection between China and Saudi Arabia is another example that shows how different civilizations and religions continue to maintain dialogue and learn from each other.\" He also adds that China's Belt and Road Initiative can link more closely with the Saudi Vision 2030 plan through projects like this. The Saudi plan aims to reduce the country's dependence on oil and diversify the Saudi economy by developing public service sectors\u00a3\u00adincluding culture and tourism.,In January 2016, during President Xi's visit to Saudi Arabia, the State Administration of Cultural Heritage signed a memorandum of understanding with the Saudi Commission for Tourism and National Heritage to promote comprehensive bilateral cooperation in the cultural heritage sector. The exchange of exhibitions by the two capital cities of the respective countries is only a part of this joint framework, according to Xie Bing, director of the SACH foreign communications department. Meanwhile, from March to April this year, archaeologists from the National Center of Underwater Cultural Heritage conducted a joint research project with Saudi experts on al-Serrian, the ruins of an ancient port city near Mecca, which boomed between the 9th and 13th centuries. \"Achievements in the underwater excavation work have gone far beyond our expectations,\" Xie says. \"Many crucial pieces of evidence about the Maritime Silk Road were unearthed during the archaeological survey.\",Chinese porcelain pieces from the Song and Yuan dynasties were found at the ruins. Some of the newest findings from al-Serrian will also be displayed at the exhibition in Riyadh alongside artifacts supplied by Chinese museums for comparison. For example, a bronze counterweight from al-Serrian will be juxtaposed with an counterpart from the Nanhai One, the sunken wreck of a Song Dynasty merchant ship discovered in the South China Sea. Xie also says that the project in al-Serrian will mark the start of a five-year archaeological cooperation program between the two countries, and more projects\u00a3\u00adboth undersea and land-bound\u00a3\u00adare due to follow. He also says that cooperation on cultural heritage will expand to cover more fields, such as staff training, development of protection technologies, fighting the illicit trade of cultural relics and museum management.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "The People's Liberation Army has published its first regulation governing military training, a move observers said will effectively boost the PLA's combat capabilities. The regulation was signed by President Xi Jinping, who is also chairman of the Central Military Commission, and will take effect on March 1, Xinhua News Agency reported on Monday. The report said the regulation is the first of its kind for the Chinese military. It aims to improve training inspections and ensure that PLA units focus on combat capability, the report said. The regulation's 10 chapters and 61 clauses specify the duties and major tasks of training inspectors and prescribe the proper procedures and methods of inspection. Wu Peixin, a military observer in Beijing, said the regulation is expected to enable the PLA to better supervise units' training. \"Currently, the training of PLA units is examined and supervised by higher authorities, mainly based on those authorities' own rules, which are more or less different from each other,\" he said. \"With the regulation, training will be organized and supervised with a unified set of standards, so it will be improved.\" Wu said the regulation stresses the importance of combat capability and urges units to make training as realistic as possible. Its implementation will help to build a stronger and more battle-ready PLA, he said. A military observer in Shanghai, who asked to be identified as Yang, said the PLA has put combat-ready exercises and joint operation capabilities at the top of its agenda, so it needs a regulation to make sure all forces conduct training in accordance with strict, unified standards. Xi has repeatedly ordered the military to improve its training so that it can fight and win a modern war. At a Central Military Commission conference in Beijing in early January, he urged the military to be fully aware of the nation's security and development trends; to strengthen the troops' awareness of crises, challenges and combat; and to make comprehensive preparations for military operations. Xi told the meeting that the armed forces must focus on improving their combat capabilities, and that whatever they do must align with that objective.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "The Civil Aviation Administration of China has approved almost 30,000 additional flights during the upcoming Spring Festival travel rush amid growing demand, a senior official said on Wednesday. The 40-day Spring Festival travel rush, beginning on Thursday, is the largest annual human migration. Some 2.98 billion trips are expected to be made. The administration has approved 26,394 additional domestic flights and 2,716 international ones. During the travel rush, more than 2.1 million seats can be provided each day, making a total of 840 million seats over the 40-day travel rush, said Wang Zhiqing, deputy head of the administration. \"The seats will completely meet the demand,\" he added. The National Development and Reform commission said 650 million trips are expected to made by air during the travel rush. Wang noted that peaks will fall on Feb 13, 14, 21 and March 3. Tickets are sufficient. Only 32 percent of departure tickets are sold in the five busiest airports across China in Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou and Shenzhen, according to Wang. The Beijing Capital International Airport, the busiest in China, will handle 10.96 milliontrips during the travel rush, about one-sixth of flight passengers across the country. The airport will handle 68,200 flights during the rush and 1,704 flights each day. The peak will fall on Feb 6, which is expected to handle about 284,000 trips. Return peaks will fall on Feb 21 and March 6. The airports aim to provide high-quality service during the rush. For example, charging devices have been installed. \"The insufficient power outlet has been a long-time concern. We've been racking our brains to add more charging stations to meet the soaring demand of travelers in recent years,\" said Lei Lei, the deputy general manager of the service department at the BCIA. Air China, China's flagship airline, will provide 10 million seats, an increase of 11.84 percent, during the upcoming travel rush. Additional flights and wide-body jets are arranged on popular routes by Air China. For example, more domestic flights are arranged from Beijing to Sanya, Haikou, Lijiang, Dali and other popular destinations; more international flights are arranged from Beijing to Hawaii and Shanghai to Bangkok. Wang Xiaoyu contributed to this story.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Construction is underway on the electrical facilities for the Beijing-Zhangjiakou high-speed railway, which will have the world's first automatically driven trains running at speeds of up to 350 kilometers per hour. The first 1,300-meter overhead wire for the railway is now being set up, and smart devices will be enabled throughout the power supply system to ensure operational safety, China Railway Corporation said on Monday. The new line-an important project for the 2022 Beijing Winter Olympic Games-will be the world's first intelligent, high-speed railway on which automatically operated trains reach speeds of 350 km/h, the corporation said. The automatic operation of bullet trains in coordination with the Beidou Navigation Satellite System-the first time it has been applied to trains-was tested on a section of the Beijing-Shenyang line from July to September and passed all safety tests. Using the system, the train can automatically start, run between stations, adjust its timing according to the schedule, accurately stop at a station, and open and close its doors, said Jiang Ming, deputy chief engineer of China Railway Signal and Communication Corporation. The train is equipped with several thousand sensors, which allow automatic inspection at any time to ensure safe operation. The train is also designed with an area to store snowboards, a device to secure wheelchairs and a mobile news center where passengers can watch live Olympic broadcasts. A variety of intelligent robots will also be used at high-speed rail stations to guide passengers and help them carry their baggage, China Railway Corporation added. The laying of track for the railway is expected to be completed in the first half of this year, and trial operations and adjustments to the line will be launched in the second half. After the 174-kilometer line goes into operation by the end of this year, the trip between the two cities will be shortened to 50 minutes, from three hours or more at present. The line will also connect with the Zhangjiakou-Hohhot high-speed railway, cutting travel time from Hohhot, Inner Mongolia autonomous region, to Beijing to three hours, down from nine.", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "China Global Television Network broadcaster Liu Xin will engage in a live debate on the trade war between China and the United States on Fox Business Network on Thursday morning Beijing time at the invitation of Fox host Trish Regan. China Daily Li Yang comments: In a harsh criticism of Beijing's trade policies, Trish Regan alleged China's intellectual property theft steals $600 billion from the US every year on her program on May 14. In her program on May 22, Liu responded that the figure of $600 billion is an estimate by a non-profit organization that has not been verified by any other party and refers to the US' possible IP loss to the world in a year, according to the organization's report. Their scheduled debate will be the first of its kind between the two countries, and has attracted people's attention. In their programs and personal exchanges on social media, the two broadcasters have clearly shown they have different understandings of the trade relations between China and the US. Apparently, they will not change each other's points of views on the program. But the debate will provide the world, and the US public, with a chance to know more about China's stance, which has been overshadowed by the US' beggar-thy-neighbor policy on their trade frictions, thanks to powerful US media like Fox News. But a bigger picture that should be borne in mind is that the trade war between the world's two largest economies \u00a1\u00aa if it continues to escalate as the US administration seems intent on it doing \u00a1\u00aa will deal a heavy blow to the world economy and force the global supply chain to be re-adjusted, which will come at the cost of all countries, including the US itself. The zero-sum game mentality the US administration has long preached to sell its trade war plans is outdated and goes against the trend of the times. Hopefully, Thursday's debate can help the US public understand there is another side to the coin.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "As the sharing economy in China thrives and gives rise to a wide range of new businesses, competition in the domestic market is getting fiercer, especially in the bike-sharing sector. Bluegogo International Inc, which used to rank as one of the top three Chinese bike-sharing companies, has gone bankrupt and reportedly owes nearly 200 million yuan ($30 million) to bicycle makers. On Nov 16, Bluegogo founder Li Gang admitted in a post on social networking platform WeChat that the company has faced severe operation problems. In October, China's first listed bike-sharing firm, Changzhou Youon Public Bicycle System Co Ltd, said it would acquire Shanghai-based bike rental brand Hellobike, as it attempts to gain more strength to compete with other major domestic bike-sharing companies. The move also marked the first merger in China's bike-sharing sector. Zhang Xu, a Beijing-based internet analyst, said the dominance of bike-sharing giants Ofo and Mobike has left little room for the further development of smaller bike-sharing companies. \"For small-sized bike sharing firms, the winter is coming. And we will see a new round of reshuffling in the industry,\" Zhang added. The bike-sharing frenzy started from and has boomed in China, with dozens of startups providing colorful shared bikes on the streets to enable environmentally friendly, convenient short trips. In July, the Ministry of Transport reported that China had more than 16 million shared bikes, posing serious challenges to city management for local governments. The flood of shared bikes across the nation has caused traffic chaos and safety concerns in urban areas. Earlier this year, 12 major cities across China introduced bans on new shared bikes. Guo Jinzhi, chairwoman of the Beijing Bicycle Industry Association, said companies should have taken that into account at the very beginning. \"Companies need to learn a lesson. The key is to better meet consumers' needs and to find solutions to adapt to the changing environment,\" she said. With a wide range of products and services flooding into the blossoming sharing economy, similar problems are popping up. Can all products for sale also be sharable? According to a report in Shanghai-based ThePaper.cn, one shared-umbrella investor is complaining that of the nearly 300,000 umbrellas their company deployed in more than 10 cities across southeastern China, almost none can now be found. The complaint may illustrate a point emphasized by Zhang, who says the sharing model does not work in every situation. \"Sharing startups need to consider how to actually meet consumers' specific needs and to share suitable items. And they also need to consider the maintenance\" for those items, he added.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Vice-Premier Liu He will visit the United States as President Xi Jinping's special envoy from Tuesday to Saturday for economic and trade talks, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs said on Monday. Liu will lead a delegation in talks with the US team headed by Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin at the invitation of the US administration, said Lu Kang, the ministry's spokesman. These will follow high-level meetings in Beijing on May 3 and 4. Both sides are expected to continue discussing issues like expansion of US exports to China, trade in services, two-way investment, the protection of intellectual property rights and the resolution of tariff and non-tariff measures, said Tu Xinquan, a trade professor at the University of International Business and Economics in Beijing. US President Donald Trump said on Sunday he has instructed the Commerce Department to help China's ZTE Corp get back to business, and Lu said China appreciates the latest positive comment on ZTE. He said China has maintained close communication with the US. ZTE, a major telecom equipment manufacturer, said last week it would suspend major operations following last month's move by Washington to ban US companies from selling certain computer chips to the Chinese company until 2025.,The US has accused ZTE of violating laws by illegally shipping US goods to Iran and breaching a deal reached last year. ZTE has appealed. ZTE says the ban would \"severely impact the survival and development\" of the company, which depends on US companies to supply about a quarter of its technology components. \"I see this as a positive step and hope it will create a better atmosphere for the ongoing discussions between the two countries,\" said Henry Levine, a former US deputy assistant secretary of commerce. \"I hope Beijing can respond with a positive step of its own and hope that both Beijing and Washington can begin a ... process where each takes positive steps and the other one responds with its own positive steps,\" he said. Eswar Prasad, a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution and a former China division chief at the International Monetary Fund, said the move of the Trump administration sets the stage for a temporary de-escalation of trade tensions between the two countries. \"It bodes well for the upcoming visit by Liu He to Washington and suggests that an agreement can be reached that allows both sides to claim at least a partial victory,\" he said. Zhou Jin contributed to this story.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "A national sports data laboratory was established Sunday in Beijing, in a bid to build up a platform for sports and big data industry to communicate and foster synergic development. The lab, called Chinese Sports Big Data and Blockchain Technology Laboratory, was jointly launched by Beijing Institute of Big Data Research, ZhongShiLiangZhong (Beijing) Cultural Media Co Ltd and Xinda Rong Chuang (Beijing) Management Consulting Co Ltd. It aims at utilizing big data and blockchain technology to promote the transformation and upgrading of the sports industry, and better serve the public. Wen Zaiwen, director of the laboratory, said \"Just like big data can instruct artificial intelligence program AlphaGo to compete against human, it can also guide the player assignment for a soccer match, or how a ticket office sells tennis tickets. Big data and blockchain technology can bring actual benefits to the sports industry.\" Specifically, the lab will collect, organize and analyze valuable data around the entire industrial chain related to sports, to empower the sports and health industry. Furthermore, it will increase the efficiency in the industry, as well as guide and boost consumption in the field. Using the strong human resources of Beijing Institute of Big Data Research, the lab will actively promote the coordinated development of technology and sports industry. An expert think tank in the field of sports, big data and blockchain will be established, so that a team of experts are able to provide technical consulting and decision-making support to the government, research institutions, enterprises and other professionals in the field. At the meantime, the lab will promote the integration of production, teaching and research, where scientific and technological results and related products come out. \"Sports penetrate into every aspects of our life, including sports education, competitive sports, physical exercise, cultural entertainment and healthcare. In 2016, the General Administration of Sport issued a guideline that during the 13th Five Year Plan period (2016-20), the nation should combine sports with internet, to bring about intelligent sports. I hope big data and blockchain technology can actually serve the development of sports industry,\" said Cai Hongyu, deputy director of Beijing Institute of Big Data Research. Li Yiliang, director with the Countywide Internet Finance Working Committee, said that \"The blockchain technology stores and verifies data, and guarantees the security of data transfer and access. Currently, the research and application of the technology have marched into a new level, and the technology will bring earthshaking changes to many industries. For the sports industry, adopting the blockchain technology is a demand to adapt to the era of development.\"", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "China's AI industry has embraced rapid growth in recent five years, said Wang Xiaochuan, CEO of the Chinese search engine Sogou, on Wednesday in Wuzhen, East China's Zhejiang province. \"At the basic scientific level, there is still a gap between China and the United States. While at the application level, China is able to become the world's leading experimenter,\" Wang said in an exclusive interview with China Daily website at the fifth World Internet Conference. China's large population created advantages in big data, which is the key driver for AI ecology today represented by deep learning. \"The spirit of entrepreneurs, coupled with our previous low-level data accumulation and extensive application market, has taken China to an internet era and opened an opportunity to apply AI technologies. China can improve its competitiveness in the world and improve people's daily lives if we can make good use of this window period to upgrade the AI industry,\" Wang added. Beijing-based Sogou, which went public on the New York Stock Exchange in November last year, runs China's most popular input method and the second-largest search engine and Sogou browser. \"Sogou has 500 million daily users of input method and 400 million daily users of search engine, so we are clear about application scenarios and data accumulation for AI development,\" Wang said. Sogou's language-centered AI technologies have been widely applied in providing daily and simultaneous interpretation services in various scenarios. \"Language is still a barrier in today's globalization of information civilization,\" Wang said. \"We took it up as a mission to solve the translation problem with AI technologies and big data.\" \"We believe that with the landing of translation technologies, the future era is not only informationzation, but the beginning of an intelligent civilization.\" Sogou launched the world's first virtual anchor technology on the opening day of the internet conference, which began on Wednesday and ends on Friday. The technology can create an AI avatar model the same with the real anchor through cutting-edge technologies, such as detecting key points on the face, extracting face features, face reconstruction, lip-reading recognition and emotion migration. A piece of synthetically video news with the AI avatar can be created by the machine after training and calculating video and audio materials from the real anchor. China's top leader recently called for stepping up efforts to develop the new generation of artificial intelligence technology and stressed that China will unswervingly encourage, support and guide the development of the non-public sector and support private enterprises to develop toward a broader stage. \"I feel so honored to be in this time and we should work harder to not live up to such an opportunity,\" said Wang. To describe China's social and economic achievements after the country introduced the reform and opening-up policy 40 years ago, Wang said it brought earth-shaking changes and offered \"opportunity, prosperity and convenience\" to all ordinary Chinese people. \"We live in an era of miracle. We expect more guidance from the government in the process of China's further reform and opening-up, which will encourage us for more innovation,\" Wang added. \"I see more companies presenting their scientific and technological achievements and their business abilities at the conference and I myself would like to take some time to visit the exhibitions,\" said Wang. \"It's a new trend.\" Sogou reported revenue of $276.57 million for the third quarter of the year.", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "Hollywood star Liam Neeson's popularity isn't falling with age. It is the opposite. After the English-language French action thriller   became a sleeper hit in 2008, he saw his fame grow at the age of 56. The movie, starring him as a former CIA operative who seeks to rescue his kidnapped daughter, reshaped his career, bringing Neeson a dozen similar roles in films such as   and  . During a recent visit to Beijing to promote  which will be released in Chinese mainland theaters on Friday, Neeson said it was China that changed his professional life. Neeson, now 65, went to the annual Shanghai International Film Festival in 2006 to support his late wife Natasha Richardson's film The White Countess, which is an epic romance set in 1930s Shanghai. The 135-minute feature also starring Neeson's friend, British actor Ralph Fiennes, is a coproduction of China and the United Kingdom, and was selected as the festival's opening film. Richardson passed away after suffering serious injuries in a ski accident in 2009. \"I had read the script of   before (touring Shanghai). The story is very cool. My agent found that Luc Besson was there. I think, 'Great! I would get the chance to ask him: Can you think of me to be a part of this movie?'\" he recalls, with a smile.,As a prestigious French filmmaker, Besson is known for his independent works as well as internationally popular hits such as the Transporter series and Lucy. That year in Shanghai, he presided over the jury of the festival's Golden Goblet Award. Neeson recommended himself, saying he had been part of action-packed movies such as Excalibur (1981) and Kingdom of Heaven (2005), in both of which he fought with swords. Taken, which cost around $25 million to make, earned more than $145 million worldwide, generating two sequels and lifting Neeson to the ranks of the highest-paid stars in Hollywood. \"If I hadn't been for Shanghai, I might not have got the film,\" says the star while holding a green mug. Returning to China's big screen, Neeson will again step into a familiar zone to play an unlikely hero to face off with the villains. In  which also casts Vera Farmiga, Patrick Wilson and Jonathan Banks, an insurance salesman, played by Neeson, suffers a midlife financial crisis after getting fired. When he, the protagonist, who is also a former policeman, rides a train, during a daily commute that he has taken over the past 10 years, a mysterious woman offers him a $100,000 job to find a passenger, which traps him in an extremely dangerous situation. \"My character is an average guy who gets himself into a situation that the audience would identify with,\" says Neeson, adding that the story is complex. \"He is certainly not a superhero. He has been sacked in his job. No money is coming. He has got mortgages and his son is going to college, which will cost a lot.\" The movie also marks Neeson's fourth collaboration with Spanish director Jaume Collet-Serra, who worked with Neeson in the feature films   (2011),   (2014) and   (2015).,Speaking about his longtime friendship with Collet-Serra, Neeson says: \"We are like dancing partners. Each time, the chemistry gets stronger. He makes my job easier.\" But to most fans who are familiar with Neeson, he has the talent to skillfully interpret diverse roles. He actually shot to fame through Steven Spielberg's Oscar-winning film,   (1993), and gained more stardom from the historical biopic,   (1996). Neeson has also starred in Hollywood blockbusters like Star Wars: Episode I\u00a3\u00ad  (1999) and   (2005). The star, who will turn 66 years old in June, says, \"To be honest, I'm not a huge fan of all these superhero movies. I admire the expertise.\" But for art-house films, the real problem is to get the money to make them, he adds. Neeson says he is a supporter of film festivals. He says they demonstrate the diversity of cinematic art and attract audiences to theaters. When his assistant reminds him to leave at the end of the interview, he still lingers and asks about the opening dates of the two forthcoming international festivals in Beijing and Shanghai. Contact the writer at xufan@chinadaily.com.cn", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "More than one-third of major Chinese cities saw reduced traffic congestion in the third quarter of this year, compared with the same period last year, according to a report published on Monday. The report, based on traffic data from 100 cities, found that 37 of them had become less congested. Traffic in 42 cities was the same, while conditions were worse in the remainder. The report was released by AMAP, a major online map provider in China, and several other companies and institutes, including bike-sharing company Mobike. It measured congestion by comparing actual time spent commuting with that required over the same distance when roads are not crowded. In general, bigger cities tended to have more serious traffic congestion. Jinan, Shandong province, was ranked as the most-congested city, with an index of 2.065 during peak hours\u00a3\u00admeaning drivers spent more than twice as long on the road on average between 7 and 9 am, and 5 and 7 pm, compared with free flowing traffic. Harbin and Beijing ranked second and third, with indexes of 2.049 and 2.046. July proved to be the least-crowded month in 63 of the 100 cities. On the other hand, September, when schools opened, was the most crowded month for 84 cities. Shijiazhuang, Hebei province, saw the biggest improvement in traffic congestion between July and September, with the index decreasing by 9.9 percent. The major cause was the opening of a subway line in June, which helped reduce automobile use. Eight other cities such as Guiyang, Guizhou province, and Xiamen, Fujian province, also saw their indexes decline by more than 5 percent. In addition to more public transport, the adoption of internet technologies to improve traffic management also helped ease traffic congestion in cities such as Shenzhen, Guangdong province. In Beijing, widespread use of shared bikes contributed to easing traffic around many residential areas, with the index decreasing by more than 40 percent for some roads where there was a surge in the number of shared bikes, the report said. Chen Yanyan, a professor of transport studies at Beijing University of Technology, said that as cities become bigger, a combination of transportation modes, such as subways, buses and bikes, can better meet people's demand for swifter traffic. \"Intensive study of supply and demand for various means of transportation can help establish an effective urban transport network,\" she said. With the adoption of new technologies such as big data, use of road resources can be optimized to improve traffic efficiency and ease congestion, she said.    ", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "Chinese womenare buying more for themselves than they have in the past, according to a new report onChinese women's consumption. The report was released one day before this year's International Women's Dayby Alibaba's e-commerce platform,Tmall. Morewomen are spending to please themselves instead of other people, the report said. Tmall'sdatashowed that women'sconsumption of books, tourism experiences, wire-free bras, flat shoes, flowers and other\"treat-yourself\"productscontinues to grow significantly. Women born in the 1980s placeda total of 48.06 millionbookorderson Tmallin the past year, while according to data from Fliggy, Alibaba's travel arm,the same groupspent most on travel, China's Hong Kong, Japan, Thailand, China's Macao and Singaporetheir favorite destinations. Women's consumption ofhealthcare products, wire-free bras and fish mawrecorded year-on-yearincreases of81.03, 61.95 and 124 percent, respectively. Women's per-customer transaction on Tmallhas been increasing for the last two years, with anincrease of 8.85 percent in 2018. Women's spending power in quasi-first-tier cities is also catching up withthat of women in Beijing, Shanghai and Guangzhou. Hangzhou, Nanjingand Xiamen last year joined Shanghai and Beijing as the cities with the highest spend per transaction, while Guangzhou and Shenzhen dropped out of the top five. Based on their findingsTmallreleased anindependenceindex of women, which arguesthat women in first-tier and new first-tiercities are becoming more independent. Among the cities with the highest independenceindices, Shanghai, Beijing, Guangzhou, Shenzhen and Hangzhou comprise the top five.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "China plans to use Fuxing bullet trains on the Beijing-Hangzhou high-speed railway next month, cutting more than 30 minutes off the current journey time, Qianjiang Evening News reported on Thursday. The current fastest service between Beijing and Hangzhou, capital of Zhejiang province, takes five hours and two minutes. But with Fuxing, or Rejuvenation, which is China\u00a1\u00afs domestically developed new generation of bullet trains with a design speed of 350 km/h, the fastest service will take only four hours and 18 minutes. According to a new train service schedule that will take effect on April 10, there will be three pairs of Fuxing trains running between the two cities each day. The newspaper reported that the ticket price will remain the same \u00a1\u00aa a second-class seat will cost 538.5 yuan ($85) and a first-class seat will cost 907 yuan.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "  The Palace Museum in Beijing, also called the Forbidden City, said on Friday that it will open its first permanent satellite gallery outside Beijing on Gulangyu Island in Xiamen, Fujian province, on May 13.  The Kulangsu Gallery of Foreign Artifacts from the Palace Museum Collections will be in a former hospital that was set up by a Dutch-American missionary in 1898.  The opening exhibition features 219 artifacts including antique clocks, scientific instruments and paintings from abroad. They come from the 16th to the early 20th century.  The artifacts were chosen from the Palace Museum's collection of some 10,000 foreign artifacts, many of which were brought by missionaries and diplomats to the court of the Qing Dynasty (1644-1911). Because the museum has lacked a space to present the items, most of those going on display in Xiamen have long been stored in warehouses.  \"The Palace Museum has the responsibility to find a place to show the artifacts to give the public a wider view of the world's civilization,\" said Shan Jixiang, director of the Palace Museum. \"Due to historical reasons, in Western museums, we can see many items from abroad, but such institutions are quite rare in China.\"  Gulangyu Island, a top tourist spot once called Kulangsu, hosted the settlements of 13 countries from the mid-19th to the early 20th century, making the 1.88-square-kilometer island a cultural melting pot.  \"The island is a center of historical architecture from many countries,\" Shan said. \"Its atmosphere echoes our exhibits from overseas, and is thus a perfect place to display them.\"  Gulangyu's bid to become a World Heritage Site will be taken up at a UNESCO conference in Poland in July. Ni Chao, a standing member of the Xiamen committee of the Communist Party of China, said the new, 5,168-square-meter museum will be a bonus for the island's cultural landscape.  The Palace Museum in Beijing, also called the Forbidden City, said on Friday that it will open its first permanent satellite gallery outside Beijing on Gulangyu Island in Xiamen, Fujian province, on May 13.  The Kulangsu Gallery of Foreign Artifacts from the Palace Museum Collections will be in a former hospital that was set up by a Dutch-American missionary in 1898.  The opening exhibition features 219 artifacts including antique clocks, scientific instruments and paintings from abroad. They come from the 16th to the early 20th century.  The artifacts were chosen from the Palace Museum's collection of some 10,000 foreign artifacts, many of which were brought by missionaries and diplomats to the court of the Qing Dynasty (1644-1911). Because the museum has lacked a space to present the items, most of those going on display in Xiamen have long been stored in warehouses.  \"The Palace Museum has the responsibility to find a place to show the artifacts to give the public a wider view of the world's civilization,\" said Shan Jixiang, director of the Palace Museum. \"Due to historical reasons, in Western museums, we can see many items from abroad, but such institutions are quite rare in China.\"  Gulangyu Island, a top tourist spot once called Kulangsu, hosted the settlements of 13 countries from the mid-19th to the early 20th century, making the 1.88-square-kilometer island a cultural melting pot.  \"The island is a center of historical architecture from many countries,\" Shan said. \"Its atmosphere echoes our exhibits from overseas, and is thus a perfect place to display them.\"  Gulangyu's bid to become a World Heritage Site will be taken up at a UNESCO conference in Poland in July. Ni Chao, a standing member of the Xiamen committee of the Communist Party of China, said the new, 5,168-square-meter museum will be a bonus for the island's cultural landscape.     ", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "The country's housing sector is becoming more rational as the property market continued to cool down in November, said experts. According to data issued by the National Bureau of Statistics, the nation's property market remained stable last month as local governments continued to battle speculation. Newly built commercial properties in first-tier cities edged up 0.3 percent in November compared to October, while secondhand property prices eased by 0.4 percent. Among China's 70 major cities, five\u00a3\u00adTianjin, Xiamen, Shenzhen, Jinhua and Wenzhou\u00a3\u00adsaw prices drop for new properties in November compared to October. Last month, 17 of the 70 cities saw a decline in secondhand property prices including Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou and Shenzhen. \"Prices for secondhand properties in 10 major cities have been decreasing for two consecutive months, and prices in the 70 cities have also seen significant change,\" said Zhang Dawei, chief analyst at Centaline Property Agency Ltd. \"It was the first time seeing this in four years,\" he added. Zhang predicted that over the next few months more cities will see cheaper secondhand properties, and new properties might also follow such a trend. Property research site Anjuke said the November numbers demonstrate a gradually stabilized market trend, though drops were relatively sharper in major markets. The number of properties sold in Guangzhou last month decreased by 34.9 percent from October, while Beijing and Shanghai also saw 14.3 percent and 13.9 percent drops, respectively. Zhang Bo, chief analyst at Anjuke, said amid the backdrop of stable policy, demand for properties in China has become more rational as more people decided to buy homes for living rather than for speculative purposes. But he didn't think the recent cooling down meant a prolonged slowdown. He said that according to Anjuke's research, 51 percent of homebuyers don't think the government will implement further policies to tighten housing prices, which meant both the consumption side and the property industry were becoming more rational. Land supply in first-tier cities was another solid sign that it is too early to talk about a prolonged market slump, said Zhang, as he noted the slow growth in the country's land supply to the property market in November. Li Tie, director-general at the China Center for Urban Development, believes there are more ways to bring down housing prices than simply tightening policy. \"With a population of 1.4 billion, it is absolutely normal to see high housing prices in Beijing and Shanghai,\" he said, adding that the biggest problem in the country's ongoing urbanization process was unbalanced public resource distribution, and there was huge potential in the country's urbanization efforts. He said more solutions can be applied to curb prices such as developing surrounding areas and improving the transportation infrastructure.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "BEIJING -The BRICS Media Forum, to be held in Beijing from June 7 to 8, will be attended by the leaders of 25 media groups from Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa.  The attendees will discuss topics including multimedia innovation for media development, as well as media outlets' duty and social responsibility.  The forum next week aims to improve the high-end dialogue platform for the mainstream media of BRICS countries, as well as advance innovation and promote fairness and justice of international public opinion.  During the forum, there will be a BRICS Media Joint Photo Exhibition to show the development and cooperation achievements of BRICS.  Proposed by Xinhua, the forum is jointly organized by the mainstream media groups of BRICS countries.  China, which took over the BRICS presidency this year, will host the Ninth BRICS Summit in September in Xiamen, Fujian province. ", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Beijing's food safety watchdog has begun a two-week sanitation inspection of the city's restaurants, following news reports that two Beijing branches of a popular hotpot chain were unhygienic.  The Beijing Food and Drug Administration announced the inspection over the weekend, saying its main targets will be restaurant chains, canteen suppliers and establishments with previous food safety problems.  \"Business licenses, dishwashers, sanitation equipment and pest and disease control are the focus of the inspection,\" said Duan Zhiyong, director of the administration's supervision department.  Legal Evening News, a Beijing newspaper, reported on Friday that the operations of two Beijing branches of Haidilao, a popular hotpot chain with restaurants in about 60 Chinese cities, were unsanitary.  Videos taken by hidden cameras showed rat-infested kitchens, a dishwasher caked with oily food residue and a worker trying to fix a sewage blockage with a soup ladle.  The hotpot chain, which originated in Jianyang, Sichuan province, admitted its management faults and apologized in a public statement issued on Friday afternoon.  The administration has launched a safety check on all branches of the hotpot chain in the city and talked to representatives of the company on Saturday.  \"We've also ordered Haidilao to open its kitchens to the public in a month and report its overhaul measures,\" the statement said, adding that the chain's sanitation rating will be downgraded.  Fan Jing, a Beijing native and a hotpot fan, applauded the inspection, \"because food safety must take priority in a restaurant's operation\". But she said the inspection should be extended to small canteens in the city.  \"Food safety checks in supermarkets or big restaurants are common, but grocery stores with some safety risks in communities are rarely inspected,\" she said.  Li Xiaoou, another Beijing native, said the administration should disclose the inspection results in a timely manner online, to help residents know about problems and which restaurants are unhygienic.  \"After all, we cannot check whether a restaurant's kitchen is clean or not when we eat there. What we rely on is the authorities' increasing supervision, and self-inspections by the restaurants,\" he said.  Xinhua contributed to this story.       ", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Job seekers face even tougher challenges in the job market this winter, according to a report by Zhaopin, an online recruitment platform headquartered in Beijing. The report is based on a survey conducted in 37 cities nationwide including Beijing, Shanghai, Hangzhou, Xi'an, and Shenzhen. The online recruitment platform said that winter is usually an off-peak season for recruiters. However, the number of positions posted by companies and the number of resumes that companies receive for job postings in the last quarter of 2018 saw a slight increase as compared to the previous three quarters. \"On average, 32 candidates compete for one job this winter,\" stated the Zhaopin report. \"Beijing is the most popular city among job seekers with nearly 90 applicants for one job, and it is followed by Shenzhen, Shenyang and Shanghai.\" Job seekers in the information technology, transportation services and financial management sectors face the most competition this winter, according to the report. The report stated that the average salary offered by recruiters this winter in 37 cities is 8,096 yuan ($1,180), a 3.9 percent increase from the same period in 2017. Beijing remains at the top with salary offers reaching 10,871 yuan this winter. This is followed with salaries offered in Shanghai at 10,164 yuan, and salaries in Shenzhen at 9,776 yuan. \"The job market has become more fiercely competitive,\" stated the Zhaopin report. \"Applicants can seek jobs that suit their capabilities, and develop some skills so that they can be ready for every interview.\"", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "BEIJING -- Beijing Benz Automotive Co Ltd began on Wednesday recalling GLA and E class vehicles in China due to problematic airbags and active safety systems, the quality supervisor said.  The company has filed a plan to recall 16 GLA vehicles manufactured between Feb 6, 2017 and Feb 15, 2017, according to the General Administration of Quality Supervision, Inspection and Quarantine.  The model in question may have a faulty airbag system, which may not function when collisions occur as extra parts could prevent the deployment of airbags.  The company has also started to recall seven E class vehicles manufactured between March 8 and March 9, 2017 due to defects with the electronic stability program that could cause serious safety problems.  The company will replace faulty parts free of charge.  Global and Chinese automakers recalled 4.49 million defective vehicles in the first five months of this year, compared with 11.34 million in all of 2016. ", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "Planners are seeking public opinion on an intercity railway linking Beijing and Xiongan New Area in North China's Hebei province, which revealed that a new high-speed rail line is being planned between the two cities. China Railway Design Corp (CRDC), a subsidiary of China Railway Corp, released an announcement last week seeking public comment till Thursday on the Gu'an East Railway Station and Bazhou North Railway Station in Langfang, North China's Hebei province, that would be built along the new line, according to the website of the People's Government of Langfang Municipal. The announcement said the intercity line will start at Liying Railway Station in Beijing's Daxing district, pass through Beijing's new airport and Langfang and terminate at Xiongan Railway Station in Xiongxian county. It's been said that the line will be put into use in 2019, which is also when the capital's new airport in Beijing's southern Daxing District is expected to open, according to Beijing News. It also said a single trip from Beijing to Xiongan on the line will be cut to about 30 minutes by then. About a month ago, China Railway Corp invited domestic and foreign design enterprises to submit first-class architectural designs for the Xiongan Railway Station. It said the station, covering about 100,000 square meters, will be a modern transportation hub to satisfy people's needs and provide high-quality public services.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Alaska's seafood exporters are concerned about the impact new tariffs from China could have on their industry. After the US last week released a list of goods on which it will place 25 percent tariffs, China reciprocated on American goods, including Alaskan seafood. The tariffs will go into effect on July 6. The new 25 percent tariff would be on top of current ones that vary from 5 to 15 percent. Alaska exported 40,000 tons of salmon to China last year. Other Alaskan products on the list that appear to be impacted include geoduck, sea cucumber, frozen salmon, pollock, Pacific cod and sole. \"We are still waiting to gain more details \u00a1\u00aa a full product list and product specific classifications. Initial indications are that products exported to China for reprocessing and re-export (to other countries) may be exempt from this new tariff,\" Alexa Tonkovich, executive director of the Alaska Seafood Marketing Institute (ASMI), told China Daily. \"China is a major reprocessing center for Alaska seafood, so how these tariffs are applied has a major impact. Either way, many Alaska seafood products for domestic consumption in China would be subject to the new tariff,\" she said. ASMI has been promoting Alaskan seafood in China for more than 20 years. \"Alaska seafood companies have also invested in the market and have many Chinese partnerships,\" Tonkovich said. More than 10 major e-commerce platforms in China, including tmall.com, promote Alaska seafood during the commercial fishing season. Last year, in addition to salmon, king/snow crab, black cod, halibut, cod, sea cucumber and yellowfin sole, new products and deep-processed/ready-to-eat products such as pollock roe, pollock hamburger and nuggets were sold on tmall during the promotion. The sales were triple those during the non-promotion period and hit 90,000 kilograms. \"We are deeply disappointed in these retaliatory tariffs. There is no connection between the products targeted by the US and the tariffs Beijing plans to impose on exported American seafood,\" John Connelly, president of the National Fisheries Institute, said in a statement. \"It is Maine lobstermen, the men and women on boats in Alaska, and families harvesting and processing seafood in the Pacific Northwest who will feel the brunt of the Administration's misguided policy. It is not clear where these trade actions will ultimately lead; what is clear is that they will negatively impact American seafood jobs,\" he said. Based on the data from the McDowell Group for ASMI, more than 21,200 rural Alaska residents were directly employed by the industry in 2015. Major seafood processors that could be affected include Trident, Peter Pan, North Pacific and Alaska General. In March, Alaska Governor Bill Walker announced a major initiative to build on the economic relationship between Alaska and China and led a 12-day trade mission to China in May. Fifty representatives from 30 companies in Alaska, from sectors including fisheries, tourism and investment, had participated in business-to-government and business-to-business meetings, networking opportunities, events and market briefings to promote Alaskan business opportunities in China. Since 2011, China has been the top consumer of Alaskan goods. In 2017, Alaska exported $1.32 billion worth of goods, including $796.2 million in seafood and $64.6 million in fishmeal, employing thousands of fishermen in Alaska. The state also exported $355.8 million in mineral ore, $49 million in energy, and $48 million and $5.9 million in forest products and machinery, respectively. Jeff Welbourn, senior director of Trident Seafoods Corp's China office, told China Daily that his company, one of the largest seafood harvesters and processors in North America, is making its biggest investment since it was founded in 1973 in infrastructure to accommodate the Chinese market. \"Alaska has abundant resources, from natural gas and seafood to beer and baby food. These resources enable our state to dramatically reduce the trade deficit between the United States and China, if we can finalize agreements to increase exports of our products,\" Walker said Monday in a statement related to the tariffs. \"Trade negotiations between leaders from both countries are ongoing. I am confident that we will, in the end, embrace the opportunity for mutual economic growth that we can achieve by working together,\" he said.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Most expectant mothers discover potential problems with the fetus through screenings, whose accuracy ranges from 80 to 99 percent, according to Zhu Haiyan, director of the Prenatal Diagnostic Center at the PLA Navy General Hospital in Beijing. In the United States, noninvasive prenatal testing, or NIPT, is usually conducted after the 10th week of pregnancy. In China, however, guidelines issued by the National Health Commission recommend conducting the test between the 12th and 20th weeks to guarantee the blood samples contain an adequate amount of DNA, she said. Yu Jun, former deputy head of the Beijing Institute of Genomics at the Chinese Academy of Sciences, said NIPT is not only used to detect chromosomal anomalies but can also recognize the DNA signatures of thousands of genetic illnesses. Deafness and Down syndrome, the two most common chromosomal disorders among Chinese newborns, are screened via genetic testing. \"The higher the number of genetic signatures screened, the higher the cost of the test. However, new technologies and technical advances should lower costs in the future,\" he said. \"Several hundred genetic tests are in use, and more are being developed. Future tests will look for mutations related to disease risks beyond rare genetic disorders\u00a3\u00adthat is, common illnesses such as cancers, cardiovascular disease, diabetes and neurodegenerative diseases.\" In the past decade, gene technology has advanced rapidly in China, with many companies developing genesequencing equipment and a number of larger outfits building their own gene banks. Berry Genomics began offering genomic sequencing services for genetic diseases in 2010. The company has also been building a gene data pool since 2015, and now has the details of more than 1 million people in China, according to CEO Zhou Daixing. Under strict privacy protection, the data is only used for scientific studies and clinical research. \"As precision medicine has been promoted globally in recent years, gene testing will play a key role in both the development of new drugs and the formulation of personalized medical treatment plans,\" he said. He added that the frequency of genetic mutation varies among different racial groups, and some Western countries that have studied their genetic composition for decades already have national databases. \"Building our own Chinese gene bank would be helpful,\" Zhou said. Based on current data analysis, he said that the company has already discovered the frequency of a number of genetic mutations prevalent in different parts of the country. \"If future healthcare policies, such as screening plans, can be devised according to those differences, we could reduce the healthcare budget, and significantly improve the efficiency of screening,\" he said.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "BEIJING -- Beijing courts resolved 36,800 cases concerning intellectual property rights (IPR) in 2017, more than doubled the number in 2013. Yang Wanming, head of Beijing's higher people's court, announced the number when delivering a work report at the capital city's ongoing legislative session. During the past five years, Beijing courts solved more than 125,000 IPR cases, a fifth of the country's total, Yang said. Nearly 5,300 of the case from 2013 to 2017 were patent disputes. The city will establish a center this year dedicated to providing IPR services to high-tech companies. The center will offer fast-track services for patent applications to companies in information technology and high-end equipment production, two areas with high demand. At the frontline of China's fight against IPR infringement, Beijing set up the country's first IPR court in 2014.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Aiming at building a professional and open communication platform for young film makers, the Vision Youth Awards of 2018 opened at Communication University of China (CUC) in Beijing on June8. This year, 668 films made by college students from home and 26 countries and regions were received for the final round competition. Hundreds of thousands of youngsters from over 600 universities were involved in the event. The judging panel included famous director Martin Campbell and Chinese host He Jiong. Talking about the most salient features of this year's works, Zhong Danian, vice-president of Phoenix Satellite Television and doctoral supervisor of the CUC, said that for one thing, they reflect the observation of young filmmakers on current society, for another, their focuses are mainly on the stories happening around them. This year's Best Work of the Year went to Dave Zhang, a student of USC School of Cinematic Arts. His science-fiction film Cupcake tells a story of a high school girl, Yui, who makes cupcakes as part-time job, and a tech nerd, Kazuhiko. There was a special award: Best Middle School and High School Students' Documentary, aimed at encouraging young teenagers to make films on their own. In this year's ceremony, the award went to two under 18-year-old high school student directors, Song Yuanfeng and Zhao Wenrui, from Beijing National Day School. The Vision Youth Awards made its debut in the year of 2003, when SARS, a deadly respiratory disease, attacked Beijing. Students at the CUC recorded the glimpses of the era in films, and have held the awards for 16 consecutive years.", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "China is testing a Fuxing bullet train whose length and carrying capacity are double those of the current models, according to CRRC Tangshan Co, the developer. The 415-meter-long train has 16 carriages, twice as many as trains already in operation, the company said in a news release. The units are undergoing final tests at the China Academy of Railway Sciences in Beijing, which focus on 28 major functions, including tractability, braking, network communications and aerodynamic performance. The new train, which will have a designed speed of up to 350 kilometers per hour, will receive permits for manufacturing on a large scale if it passes all tests, according to the company, which is part of the State-owned China Railway Rolling Stock Corp. The Fuxing - or Rejuvenation - is China's domestically developed new generation of bullet train. In September, the speed of the Fuxing model was increased to 350 km/h on the Beijing-Shanghai high-speed railway line, making it the fastest operating train service in the world. According to its developer, the longer model is designed for long-distance and high-speed travel. More than 80 percent of the 254 major industrial standards under which it falls are Chinese, and are higher standards than in their Japanese and European counterparts. The new model has made great progress in areas including reliability and energy conservation, and it reduces life-cycle costs below previous models, the company said. Yang Hao, a professor at Beijing Jiaotong University who studies traffic and transportation, said the extended length of the Fuxing bullet train requires a more sensitive operating system, which in turn doubles its carrying capacity to more than 1,000 passengers. \"The longer model can also make better use of platforms in stations for high-speed trains,\" he said, noting that platforms are usually 650 meters long. The Fuxing trains were put through their paces during this year's Spring Festival travel rush, which ended on Monday. The Ministry of Transport announced on Monday that about 2.97 billion trips were made nationwide during the 40-day rush, roughly the same as last year. During that time, 79 pairs of Fuxing trains saw service, covering up to 23 provincial capitals, according to a report by China Central Television.  ", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "          At this station, a computer, a bookshelf and a dormitory are available to give the couriers a good rest. \"These services may seem simple, but by the standards of the express delivery industry, they are quite a luxury,\" said Li Yuezhen, of the Trade Union of National Defense and Post and Telecommunications, one of 10 major industry trade unions in China. On average, a courier works eight to 10 hours a day, said Hao Jie, head of SF's Deshengmen Gate station. The job requires high intensity, and most of the company's couriers are young migrant workers. The station is part of a pilot program initiated by the trade union that aims to better serve and unify workers in privately owned courier companies, Li said. Four such stations equipped with convenient facilities have been set up in the SF network in Beijing since the pilot program was launched in April last year. Data published by the trade union suggests that after the program was launched more workers have become members of the company's branch of the union. In the four pilot stations, 83 percent of the couriers have joined, compared with an average 67.7 percent for all employees of the company. In addition to the pilot stations, in each of the SF outlets in Beijing there is at least one representative of the company's trade union responsible for serving employees. Wang Qiang, a courier, said the union not only helps couriers cool off on hot days but also gives aid to employees with financial difficulties and other life problems.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Chinese prosecutors vowed to enhance their supervisory role and join hands with other countries to safeguard personal information in the age of big data through the rule of law to effectively ensure data security and further improve internet development. \"Prosecuting authorities in China have strengthened their efforts to fight crimes resulting from privacy leaks, and we're willing to increase international communication to jointly build an open, cooperative and safe cyberspace,\" said Zhang Jun, procurator-general of the Supreme People's Procuratorate. He made the remarks on Thursday when sharing Chinese prosecutors' experience in protecting personal information during a forum at the 5th World Internet Conference in Wuzhen, Zhejiang province. The top procuratorate's official statistics showed that more than 8,700 people were accused by prosecutors of the crime of harming people's personal information from January 2016 to September. This not only means that privacy leaks have become a hot problem in the internet era, but also brings new judicial challenges for prosecutors, he said. Given that the problem is serious, Zhang said that Chinese judicial officials, including prosecutors, have taken a series of steps to protect people's privacy, with powerful legislation and stricter law enforcement. \"To better solve it, we need a joint force, as cyberspace governance is a task for every walk of life, such as internet companies, technicians and netizens,\" he said. A team specialized in handling internet-related crimes has been set up by the top procuratorate, and some regional prosecuting authorities have also improved the quality of related prosecutions by inviting internet specialists to act as advisors, he said. Jia Yu, chief prosecutor of the Zhejiang Provincial People's Procuratorate, agreed, confirming that finding a balance between data development and personal information has been a big challenge for judicial authorities from home and abroad. \"It's good to see our country boosts protection and gives heavier penalties to privacy offenders,\" he said. \"But we need a clearer distinction between sensitive, important and general personal information in the current laws, as different kinds of information require us to use different ways to safeguard and punish the wrongdoers.\" Wu Shenkuo, an associate law professor at Beijing Normal University, spoke highly of Chinese lawmakers' increasing capacity to guarantee privacy in recent years. \"For instance, privacy protection and online platforms' duties have been highlighted and clarified in the Cybersecurity Law and the E-Commerce Law.\" He said it is good that the nation's top legislature has put forward a plan to make laws on personal information protection and data security on its agenda, adding that he believed that more clarified laws would contribute greatly to alleviating privacy leaks. Prosecutors nationwide also need to fight crime caused by privacy leaks through bilateral or multilateral agreements with other countries, \"as the use and development of big data is a global problem\", Jia said. Zhuang Rongwen, minister of the Cyberspace Administration of China, said that international cooperation should be further developed, such as how to prevent online risks, effectively share information and fight crimes. As cooperation is being promoted, \"we should make better use of big data, especially exploring how to use it to improve people's livelihoods, and expand security education and enhance people's security awareness while surfing the internet\", he added. Aleksandr Konyuk, prosecutor-general of the General Prosecutor's Office of Belarus, revealed a survey from his nation to attendees at the forum, which stated that 42 percent of internet users in Belarus suffered online threats from January to September, and these attacks resulted in serious information leaks. He applauded the fact that more countries were willing to solve the problem by increasing international cooperation.", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "As this year marks the tenth anniversary of the initiation of a summer camp co-organized by Beijing Foreign Studies University and the Confucius Institute at the University of Rome for Italian students from Convitto Nazionale Vittorio Emanuele II international high school, an event was held at BFSU on June 14. In May 2010, supported by the Confucius Institute headquarters, or Hanban,the Rome-based high school became a pioneer among Italian high schools in starting a Chinese language course. Over the past 10 years, more than 1,400 of its students have been sent to Beijing and joined a two-week summer camp where they could taste local cuisine, visit historical attractions and practice calligraphy, paper-cutting or Chinese martial arts.,Iacopo Germole, a grade-four student at the Italian high school who once claimed the title in a Chinese proficiency competition held in Italy, says that thanks to the summer camp, he got his first opportunity to experience traditional Chinese culture four years ago, which helped him embrace a global outlook. Yan Guohua, vice-president of BFSU says the past 10 years have witnessed the forming of a deep and meaningful friendship between the young generations of China and Italy.", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "HOUSTON - Rosana Ellis banks on the time-honored principles of honesty, hard work and cultivating relationships, and her formula for success is paying off in China. Ellis is chief operating officer at Houston-based PhDsoft, an energy service company that has expanded some of its operations to China. The company's software monitors the structural integrity of oil platforms, bridges and other structures for corrosion and degradation, reducing the risk of accidents and extending the life of clients' assets. PhDsoft's entry into the Chinese market began with casual introductions at the US-China Innovation and Investment Summit (UCIS) in Houston last year. With the opportunity provided by the summit, Ellis went to China for the first time in 2017, which lead to her three other visits later that year. In one year alone, she has traveled to several cities in China and later, the company opened an office in Beijing. \"I'm always excited when I go to China,\" she told Xinhua. \"It's worth it for us to invest the time in developing that market because our company has long-term projections and goals. We are not there for one or two years. We want to establish our PhDsoft brand in China.\" Ellis said she has realistic expectations when it comes to entering the Chinese market. That's why she took the time to visit multiple times, soaking in the sights and sounds of Chinese culture and business. \"What happens is that very few companies will go to China one time and establish a connection,\" she said. \"That is very unrealistic. You have to keep in mind that a company has to go to China to start developing a relationship and that's what we did. My first trip was just to observe. The second trip, I could better understand the infrastructure that China has to offer.\" It's important to have a strong partner that can help to navigate the cultural divide and is willing to put in the work to forge a successful business relationship, she noted. \"One, you have to be very sensitive and adapt to the needs of the market, and secondly you have to find a good partner,\" Ellis said. \"You have to make sure that you share the pie. You have to give a chance for them to profit with your technology. It creates a win-win situation where everybody's happy and everybody's going to be successful.\" But more than just establishing the PhDsoft brand in China, Ellis said she would like to work with her Chinese counterparts to tailor-make a software solution for the Chinese market. \"Personally, I have the goal to expand my business into several countries and continents,\" she said. \"My approach is that you have to understand that your have to fit your product to the culture, and not the other way around. It's not what you sell, it's how what I sell fits the Chinese market.\" The more she traveled to China, the more she likes and understands the Asian country. Living in Houston, Ellis sometimes brings family to Chinatown, or cooks Chinese food at home. She said building trust with Chinese partners really needs to understand their culture and value. \"You have to develop the trust,\" Ellis said. \"They have to trust that our company will deliver what we are promising because they're going to invest in our company, and vice versa. They will represent us in our standards in China.\"", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "The book Peasant Life in China, written by prestigious anthropologist and sociologist Fei Xiaotong in the 1930s, lifted the veil on the nation's rural areas to the outside world by documenting traditional life in a small village in Suzhou, Jiangsu province. Fei was a pioneering researcher and professor noted for his studies of China's ethnic groups. He was born in Wujiang, Jiangsu, in 1910 and died in Beijing in 2005. British social anthropologist Bronislaw Malinowski (1884-1942) wrote in the preface to Fei's book: \"Our attention here is directed not to a small, insignificant tribe, but to the greatest nation in the world.\" The book was published in 1939 in the United Kingdom by Routledge. The far-reaching changes that have taken place in Suzhou since the book was published have transformed it into one of China's wealthiest areas in the four decades since the reform and opening-up policy was launched. Fei coined the term \"the Sunan pattern\" - literally the development path in southern Jiangsu - in 1983 at the age of 73 when he saw family-run village and township enterprises booming along the south bank of the Yangtze River, mainly in Suzhou, Wuxi and Changzhou. He had concluded decades earlier that this vast rural area could develop industry to adapt to changing times. Gradually introduced urbanization led by industry helped to lift the people out of poverty in the early 1980s. Cheng Changchun, a government counselor in Jiangsu and dean of the Jiangsu Yangtze River Delta Economic Research Institute, said, \"The success and the transformative ability of the Sunan pattern is testimony to the effectiveness of the reform and opening-up policy.\" Cheng said that as the Chinese economy finds itself on the \"cusp of yet another quantum leap\", continued prosperity under the Sunan pattern underscores the need for the national reform and opening-up policy to be deepened and widened. Today, not many college graduates can resist decent pay and bright career prospects in a big city, but a few do. He Luwei, 37, who has a master's in economics, graduated from Zhejiang University in Hangzhou, the provincial capital, with a Certified Public Accountant qualification, but chose a career path different from that pursued by his peers in cities. Ten years ago, he went to Huaxi village in Jiangyin city, Wuxi, Jiangsu, and to his surprise found an ideal job and a dream place for a long-term stay. Now a senior accountant at a chemical fiber plant in Huaxi, where his wife was born, He said, \"I've never regretted my decision to stay for the past 10 years.\" His wife graduated from Suzhou University. The couple's annual income is about 400,000 yuan ($57,720), equivalent to that of a middle-class family in Beijing. Dubbed the wealthiest village in the country for decades since the reform and opening-up policy was launched, the average annual personal income in Huaxi last year was 90,500 yuan. It was just 220 yuan in 1978. According to the National Bureau of Statistics, the country's annual per capita disposable income was 25,974 yuan last year - 36,396 yuan for urban residents and 13,432 yuan for the rural population. Huaxi, or \"the village\", as people still refer to it, is now a commercial giant with diversified business and investment in manufacturing, mining, finance, metallurgy, textiles, tourism, marine industry, new energy, high-technology and modern agriculture. The village has a Shenzhen-listed company, Jiangsu Huaxicun Co, which saw revenue of just over 2 billion yuan last year, according to its annual report. The company was listed in 1999, making Huaxi the first village in the country with such an enterprise. The same year, the village's sales revenue reached 3.5 billion yuan. Jiangsu Huaxi Group Co, which is overseen by the village and is collectively owned by the residents, saw revenue of 50 billion yuan last year, driven by its transformation from low-efficiency steel and textile businesses to high-end manufacturing, modern agriculture and high-technology. Wu Xie'en, the village Party chief, said, \"Our debt ratio is around 67 percent - completely reasonable and under control.\" Villagers who were born and grew up in Huaxi, who number about 2,800, receive dividends each year as well as monthly pay. \"We are getting bigger and stronger by eating the 'reform meal',\" Wu said. \"Huaxi has caught the rhythm and each opportunity provided by reform and opening-up in the past 40 years.\" Wu, the son of the former Huaxi Party chief Wu Renbao, who died in March 2013 aged 85, took over from his father in 2003 as village Party chief and chairman of Jiangsu Huaxi Group, which owns and invests in more than 80 enterprises at home and abroad.,Most of the older generation in the village have Wu Renbao to thank for leading them out of poverty and into better homes with the wages to afford cars in the 1980s and '90s, when most of them took jobs at steel factories, thermal power plants and fiber businesses. In 1988, Huaxi became the first village in Jiangsu to be named a \"100 million yuan village\". Just three years later, it had more than 20 enterprises with business worth 500 million yuan. Such progress was partly due to neighboring Shanghai. Wu Xie'en said, \"From 1978, we invited groups of engineers and technicians from Shanghai to train us at weekends with industrial development and technical skills. \"The weekend engineers' training course was a turning point, helping us to build up Huaxi's industrial base and broaden our horizons.\" Led by Wu Xie'en, Jiangsu Huaxi Group's financial unit, V-capital, was launched in Shanghai in August 2015. With registered capital of 2 billion yuan, V-capital was managing 10 billion yuan in assets last year. V-capital has invested in CATL and Hero Entertainment, both unicorn enterprises (startups whose valuation has exceeded $1 billion). Ten heavily polluting and inefficient steel plants have been closed in Huaxi since 2004, reducing 1.5 million metric tons of steel and iron capacity, or one-third of output. \"Dismantling 'blocks and walls' is crucial in our thinking to make further progress,\" Wu Xie'en said. \"We have changed our methods and ways, but the path and beliefs remain the same.\" Huaxi spread its wings to Africa in 2015 by investing in mining in Mozambique, and also the semiconductor sector in the United States. By investing in a research team at Stanford University and in Gyrfalcon Technology in Silicon Valley in the US, V-capital has enabled Huaxi to hit the fast track to industrial upgrading and transformation. A laser chips project based at the Wujin high-tech park in Changzhou, Jiangsu, is expected to start mass production next year, entering a market estimated to be worth 500 billion yuan. Zhang Jianping, director of the Center for Regional Economic Cooperation affiliated to the Ministry of Commerce, said, \"The Sunan pattern needs to progress and transform in the new era, and locals know they can't rest on past achievements. \"It's good to see the Sunan pattern seeking new growth points and an innovative development model and path.\" With talent being the most important resource for future development, some professionals were sent to the US for short-term training, while others experienced weeklong \"life experience\" visits to the most underdeveloped areas in Qinghai and Guizhou provinces and the Xinjiang Uygur autonomous region. He Luwei, the senior accountant, was among the first batch of 26 sent to Chuandong village, Kaiyang county, Guizhou, in October 2013. \"The trip allowed me to embrace disruptive thinking. Some of the pains and suffering I had complained about in the past were just imaginary illnesses,\" he said. Chen Feng, 38, who graduated from Xi'an Jiaotong University in Shaanxi province, is now deputy head of the rice business in Huaxi's modern agriculture sector, and married to a local. Huaxi invested in the Asahi Noyu Farm in Japan to learn the techniques to grow high-quality rice and to learn about advanced farming. The price of Nanjing 46, a type of Huaxi rice dubbed the tastiest in Jiangsu, doubled to more than 20 yuan per kilogram after it was grown using the techniques and experience used in Japan. Chen was among the first group to be sent to the West Point Military Academy in the US for a nine-day training course in December 2014. \"I now have a deeper understanding of what duty, honor and country means. Most of all, I came to realize humanity is the most important element. It helped to shape and consolidate my leadership style - that is to cherish talent,\" she said. At Jiangsu Huaxi Group, 39 percent of the top executives are nonlocals, 60 percent of the middle management come from many different areas of the country, and 92 percent of the grassroots employees are from outside the village. While sending its talent on people-to-people exchanges, Huaxi receives 2 million visitors annually from home and abroad, including 400,000 who arrive in groups to learn from its experience, said Ge Xiaoyan, who works in the village's reception office. Yonglian village in Zhangjiagang, Suzhou, offers a similar story to that of Huaxi, but with variations. Zhang, the Regional Economic Research Center director, said, \"Huaxi and Yonglian have grown simultaneously, both in similar and different ways. Both have made great efforts in upgrading and investing more on research and development to enhance their competitive edge.\" A giant golden sculpture featuring four fingers and a thumb stands at the entrance to Yonglian, which lies on a tributary of the Yangtze River with residential buildings on one bank and a village hall and museum on the other. The magic touch of Wu Dongcai, 83, the village's former Party chief, transformed Yonglian from poverty to one of the country's richest model villages over the past 40 years. The golden fingers sculpture is a symbol of Yonglian's unity and a mark of respect for Wu, who lost the little finger of his right hand during the Korean War (1950-53).,It is hard to believe that this modern and beautiful community is still called a village. But it is not difficult to understand why Yonglian was chosen as the only Chinese village to feature at the Milan World Expo in 2015, and one of only two from the country to be included in the Shanghai World Expo in 2010. However, 40 years ago, Yonglian was the poorest, smallest and most isolated river town in Suzhou. Founded in 1970, and built on 46.6 hectares of reed swamp along the Yangtze, it had just 254 households, or 700 villagers whose average annual income was 68 yuan in 1978. However, in the same year, Huaxi residents had flush toilets, and the village's development story had been heralded as a success in a lead story on the front page of People's Daily. Yonglian now covers 12 sq km and is home to 19,000 people, whose average annual income last year was 43,688 yuan, higher than China's urban residents' per capita income of 36,396 yuan and 2.5 times the average rural income in Jiangsu. Yonglian has become one of the richest villages in Suzhou, ranking top among the 640,000 counties in China in terms of economic achievement, tax payments, ecological environment, legal progress and cultural advancement. \"We were a small, poor village with limited arable land that was flooded every year. So why not try to grow the fishing industry instead of farming?\" said Wu Dongcai, who faced opposition when he first raised the idea. \"I took the lead in digging a pond. We worked day and night for months before a meter-deep pond was completed,\" Wu said. Fish were raised in the pond and then sold. By the end of 1978, each family had plenty of food, including fish, and in 1979 each villager received a year-end allocation of extra food and necessities. That year, the term xiaokang (moderately prosperous society), was used by late leader Deng Xiaoping when he met with visiting Japanese prime minister Masayoshi Ohira and detailed the Four Modernizations, part of China's development roadmap and blueprint. The Four Modernizations were goals set by Deng to strengthen the fields of agriculture, industry, national defense, and science and technology. On Feb 5, 1983, Deng began an inspection tour of Suzhou, Hangzhou and Shanghai to study the feasibility of xiaokang. Yonglian was one of the three villages cited in a report to Deng for their advanced rural enterprises. Twenty years later, Yonglian was among the first villages in the country to embrace the xiaokang standard of living. By the end of 1983, it was home to eight plants producing iron and steel, furniture, cement and pillow covers, with combined assets of 200,000 yuan. Yonglian's industrial rise emerged from an opportunity to run a steel mill after an outsider arrived in the village to sell a steel rolling machine. \"He was on the point of leaving before I stopped him, because I realized the business opportunity presented by the metal, driven by villagers' demand to build bigger and better houses after they became better off,\" Wu Dongcai said. On April 1, 1999, when Fei Xiaotong, the anthropologist, made a field study tour of Yonglian, he left with a calligraphy work titled Huaxia Diyi Gangcun (China's No 1 steel-making village). Last year, sales revenue in Yonglian reached 40.3 billion yuan, generated mainly by its steel business the Yonggang Group, with a 75 percent stake held by the company and the remaining 25 percent owned by all the villagers. Last year, Yonggang Group ranked 121st on a list of the country's top 500 private businesses by the All-China Federation of Industry and Commerce. Wu Huifang was a colonel before he left the People's Liberation Army and returned to Yonglian to serve as its Party chief and to help improve living conditions. \"Our villagers have become citizens who need education and deserve more civil rights,\" he said. He was also behind the idea of building a village hall, which features Western-style architecture with state-of-the-art technology. The idea of designing the hall came in 2011 when he was sent to California for a training course. Visits to council venues in Carson, a city in Los Angeles County, impressed him. \"Civilization can be learned and exchanged with others,\" Wu told online outlet The Paper. He received inspiration from his US visit to build the 5,000-sq-m hall in Yonglian, describing it as \"a place that enables grassroots democracy to be more visible and approachable among villagers\".", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "BEIJING - Five-year-old Peng Xiaoyi has never met his English teacher in person. While he sits in front of a computer in his home in Beijing, this teacher is thousands of kilometers away in the United States. Peng, who is in his second year of kindergarten in northwest Beijing, takes online English classes after school, which are taught by teachers based in the United States and Canada. \"The American teachers are fun,\" he said. \"I like them a lot.\" Even after taking just a handful of classes, he has become more confident in speaking English and developed a habit of preparing and reviewing the lessons, according to his mother Li Juan. \"It is good for him to take American-style classes,\" said Li, a civil servant. \"This is a new experience for him and he doesn't even have to leave China.\" Thanks to the development of the Internet across China, online education has become increasingly popular in the country of 1.3 billion people. VIPKID, the platform that runs Peng's classes, has over 200,000 registered students in China and more than 24,000 teachers in the North American region. Mi Wenjuan, founder of VIPKID, told Xinhua that she hopes to change the way Chinese children learn English and offer them opportunities to experience native English teaching styles, which are very different to how English is taught in Chinese schools. \"One of the major challenges we have face is parents accepting the concept of online learning,\" she said. \"We have to continuously offer high-level teaching and technical support.\" Data from the China Internet Network Information Center showed that 144 million Chinese have undertaken online education as of June this year, 4.8 percent higher than the number by the end of 2016. \"Compared with traditional after school classes, online courses are convenient and efficient,\" said Li Juan. \"They are also less expensive because no venues are needed.\" He Tingting, a teacher working for online education platform \"Qingqingjiajiao\", said an online teacher usually teaches one-on-one or in small groups while traditional after school classes have one teacher for 30 to 40 students. \"Online teachers use powerpoints to assist our teaching,\" said He. \"They are more attractive to students, particularly for younger children.\" However, He said online teachers have to work harder to make their voices and facial expressions more engaging in order to hold students' attention. \"Reliable Internet connections are also very important to ensure the courses go smoothly.\" Online education has become increasingly known to Chinese in recent years, particularly since 2013 when MOOC, short for massive open online courses, entered China in cooperation with universities and websites. In the last couple of years, capital inflow from investors helped online education firms develop at a faster speed. A survey issued by HSBC this year showed that 76 percent of Chinese parents would consider online university courses for their children. \"As consumption levels rise and the second-child policy takes effect, China is likely to become one of the world's most dynamic online education markets in the future,\" said Mi.", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "President Xi Jinping met separately with Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta and Rwandan President Paul Kagame on Tuesday evening after the conclusion of the Beijing Summit of the Forum on China-Africa Cooperation. Meeting with Kenyatta, Xi said China is willing to expand cooperation with Kenya in such areas as agriculture, infrastructure construction, healthcare and industrial capacity. China will also boost cultural exchanges between local regions to help Kenya realize its Big Four development plan, he said. Xi said the comprehensive strategic partnership of cooperation between China and Kenya has developed rapidly, and bilateral cooperation in various areas has been the spearhead of expanded China-Africa relations. China is willing to enhance party-to-party exchanges with Kenya and share its experiences in governance, he said. He welcomed Kenya's participation in the Belt and Road Initiative and congratulated Kenya on joining the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank. He said China will support Kenya in building an economic belt and industrial parks along railways. Kenyatta congratulated Xi on the success of the FOCAC Beijing Summit and expressed gratitude for his leadership. The summit has laid out a future development path for FOCAC and will promote the prosperity of both Africa and China, he said. He also said that his country stands ready to deepen its comprehensive strategic and cooperative partnership with China, and to actively participate in the BRI to facilitate interconnectivity.,Meeting with Rwandan President Kagame, Xi expressed appreciation and thanked him for his participation in the summit, both as president and rotating chairman of the African Union. Kagame made outstanding contributions to the success of the event, Xi said. Xi said the attendance of many African leaders \"impressed us with the African people's profound friendship for China\". The summit witnessed the growth of a closer community with a shared future for China and Africa, Xi said. He also called for China and Rwanda to strengthen strategic communication, enhance unity and cooperation, continue to support each other and jointly develop the Belt and Road and establish closer people-to-people exchanges. Kagame thanked Xi for his significant role in guiding relations between Africa and China. He said his country thanked China for its valuable long-term help and will dedicate itself to promoting bilateral ties, as well as broader Africa-China cooperation.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Feng Chao has only been in the workforce for two years but is already on to her third job, something that would have been rare for earlier generations of workers. The 28-year-old from Beijing, who earned her bachelor's and master's degrees in the United States, spent just six months at her first job in a financial institution and then a year at a State-owned securities company. \"The first job was not challenging enough and the internal structure of the institution kept changing,\" she said. \"For the second job, I didn't think that I would have good career prospects there.\" Feng's penchant for job-hopping is hardly novel among people of her generation. A report released this month by professional networking website LinkedIn\u00a3\u00adbased on data gathered from 150,000 LinkedIn users on the Chinese mainland in July\u00a3\u00adrevealed that those born since 1995 spend an average of just seven months in their first jobs. In contrast, those born in the 1980s spent about three and a half years in their first job. Those born in the 1970s were even more loyal, at four years and three months. A report published by MyCOS, an education consulting and research institute in Beijing, in July last year said one in three college graduates in the country quit their first jobs within six months in 2016. Social scientists and education experts attribute the phenomenon to the fact that younger people were born and raised in a more open environment, which has enabled them to be more independent and place more emphasis on their values and life goals. Some experts say today's job seekers also have greater access to opportunities in the employment market, which makes job-hopping easier. \"The moment they realize that the actual work is inconsistent with their expectations, many from the younger generation will not hesitate to look for other job options,\" said Zhou Haiwang, deputy director of the Institute of Population and Development at the Shanghai Academy of Social Sciences. \"To them, staying true to their feelings and attaining job satisfaction are of paramount importance.\" Zhao Ming, 25, recently quit his first job, at a public relations agency in Beijing, after just nine months. He said he quit because he became frustrated with having to repeatedly redo plans to satisfy his boss and client. \"I only have two expectations for the initial years of my career path: finding a guide who can really help with my career development, and seeing my work results and gains,\" said Zhao, from Anshan, in northeastern China's Liaoning province. Zhang Jingyi, the human resources head at LinkedIn China, said young people who have grown up in the internet age\u00a3\u00adespecially those who have studied abroad\u00a3\u00adare more open-minded and willing to try new things. This new mindset marks a shift from the previous one, where most people sought to begin their careers in well-known companies. This is the case for Feng, who is now working for a small investment agency with just 10 staff members. It is more important, she said, that the salary is competitive, her boss is competent, and there are sufficient opportunities for growth in the workplace. Another reason young people are job-hopping so frequently is the rapid development of the technology sector, which has created many new roles that those born since 1995 find interesting. The LinkedIn report said more than one-third of graduates born since 1995 had entered the internet and financial industries, while five years ago, a quarter of graduates born since 1990 joined such industries. \"During my four years in college, the internet changed our lives dramatically,\" Zhao said. \"New sectors such as the shared economy and blockchain have been emerging, and some of my peers have gone on to chase these new trends.\" One person attracted by the vibrancy of such new tech industry segments is a graduate of Nanchang Aviation University in Jiangxi province, who declined to be named. She started her first job last summer at the Beijing company behind Douyin, a popular domestic short-video app. \"By being in this job, I can keep in touch with the latest ideas and developments in the internet industry,\" she said. \"I was very curious about the internet industry and had always wondered who the people working in it are. That's why I joined.\" Feng said many of her former schoolmates are working in the internet and finance sectors because they tend to pay higher salaries. \"Compared with State-owned enterprises and banks, new or small firms have more active cultures and less administrative tasks, so this means we get to learn more and climb the ranks faster,\" she said. Experts say factors such as greater financial support and easier access to freelancing opportunities have also contributed to the job-hopping phenomenon. While changing jobs too frequently would affect company productivity and an employee's credibility, human resource managers say the onus is on employers to adapt to the current trends instead of expecting millennials to become more loyal. After all, according to estimates by Daxue Consulting, 75 percent of China's workforce will be made up of millennials by 2025. Chen Zhiyun, vice-president of human resources at Pier 88 Health, a foreign-funded enterprise in Hangzhou, Zhejiang province, specializing in digital healthcare initiatives, said companies should ensure that the job information they provide during the hiring process is as accurate as possible to avoid miscommunication. \"The talent count in a company will only stay stable when employees' perception of the employer is aligned with what they were told, as well as their expectations,\" he said. Guo Shuang, senior vice-president of human resources at an online news provider based in Beijing, said employers need to adjust the way they manage and support young employees if they wish to retain talent. \"The post-95 people grew up with the internet, which allows them to take the initiative in searching for information, while many of their superiors in the workplace\u00a3\u00adthose born a decade earlier\u00a3\u00adgrew up in the age of TV, a one-way channel to obtain information,\" Guo said. \"So what enterprise managers did in the past\u00a3\u00adteaching employees what and how to do things and pointing out their faults\u00a3\u00admay not work for the youngsters today. The employer needs to support them with the right resources and environment so that they can grow and succeed. These two parties have to work together.\"", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "A Latin American culture festival is in in Beijing's southern district Daxing. The festival, which began in late May and will run through June, features elements from nearly 10 Latin American countries. It is hosted by Daxing's Weishanzhuang township government and serves as a tourism getaway for the summer. The festival is being held to let residents experience the charm of Latin American at close quarters, according to the local government. An art exhibition and performances, as well as gourmet food from Latin American countries, are among the highlights of the event. An Argentine art troupe performance and beer festival are staged every night, while a tango competition, a costume exhibition are also part of the festival The event aims to promote China-Latin America cultural exchanges and boost tourism in Weishanzhuang.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "     After a buoyant property market signaled cheer over the planned creation of another economic engine in the form of the Xiongan New Area in Hebei province, stock markets followed suit. Investors turned bullish on shares of companies involved in development, infrastructure, construction materials and transportation. Such shares surged on Monday, especially those of companies with their core business in Beijing, Tianjin and Hebei, with a focus on construction materials, utilities and real estate development. Shares in Hong Kong-listed Beijing Enterprises Water Group Co rose 6.8 percent to HK$6.11 (79 cents), while gas distributor China Suntien Green Energy Co gained 12 percent to HK$1.68. BBMG, a Beijing-based maker of cement and construction materials, surged 34.67 percent to HK$4.75. Stock markets in Shanghai, Shenzhen and Hong Kong were closed on Tuesday for the Tomb-Sweeping holiday break. Trading will resume on Wednesday. Analysts said the government's plans for the new area will likely further boost sentiment toward stocks of related companies headquartered in Beijing, Tianjin and Hebei province. For, the new area's long-term influence is seen benefiting urban development, transportation and utility sectors. For real estate developers, uncertainties remain as new policies for property development are likely to be unconventional in the new area, said Guan Qingyou, an analyst with Minsheng Securities Co. For instance, at the end of 2016, Shanghai-listed China Fortune Land Development Co Ltd, a Beijing-headquartered industrial park developer, had two projects in the new area, with a combined space of more than 500 square kilometers for long-term planned development. The company said onSunday it has not yet received any notification on changes to the projects, debunking rumors that all the contracts for projects in the new area became invalid after Saturday. The projects are still in the stage of planning and positioning, the company said in a regulatory filing. CFLD said it recognizes that the two projects are subject to policy changes, and the company will operate fully in alignment with the national strategy supporting the development of the new area. The Xiongan New Area will serve to advance the coordinated development of the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region, a \"strategy crucial for a millennium to come\", according to a government circular issued on Saturday. The area, which is 100 kilometers southwest of Beijing, will span three counties, cover around 100 sq km in the initial stage, expanding to 200 sq km in the medium term before finally reaching 2,000 sq km in the long term, according to Xinhua News Agency. Wang Delun, an analyst with Industrial Securities Co, said the launch of the Xiongan New Area marks a milestone in the coordinated development of the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region, which will benefit industries in Hebei immediately, particularly real estate development and infrastructure. \"First, the move is likely to quickly benefit companies headquartered in Beijing, Tianjin and Hebei that provide steel and construction materials. Second, port and airport operators are likely to benefit as a result of a revised and more rational plan for local transportation and logistics,\" said Wang.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Beijing shut down 13 expressways on Wednesday due to heavy fog in Beijing and surrounding regions, according to transportation authorities. At 1 pm, the air quality index in Beijing was 301, a level-six air pollution. Air pollution is worsening in the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei province region and nearby areas and is expected to linger until Friday due to unfavorable meteorological conditions for dispersal, authorities said. Anyang, Henan province - listed as one of the 28 major cities in the region for coordinated action on air pollution control - was the first to see its hourly density of PM 2.5, a major air pollutant, reach heavy pollution level early on Monday. The heavy pollution has gradually been extending to the north, the China National Environmental Monitoring Center said in a statement on Tuesday. Pollutants started to accumulate on Monday in the region and in the Fenhe and Weihe river plains, primarily in Shanxi and Shaanxi provinces, as meteorological conditions turned unfavorable.,PM2.5 density hit a peak of 206 micrograms per cubic meter at 7 pm on Monday in Kaifeng, Henan province, it said. Chai Fahe, deputy director of the National Joint Research Center on Air Pollution Causes and Control, said weak wind from the south and high humidity in the region are to blame for the heavy smog. A stable atmosphere and a temperature inversion, which prevents the normal churn of the atmosphere, has occurred in many cities in the region. He added that the northern parts of the country have entered the period of highest emission, as heating services officially begin on Thursday. \"Currently, emissions from industries and transportation sources in the region remain high. Kicked-up dust has yet to be well-controlled at various large construction sites,\" Chai said, adding that the start of the heating season will further increase emissions.,Starting on Thursday at noon, cold fronts will gradually clear the haze from north to south, ending this bout with smog on Friday in most areas in the region, the monitoring center said. Thanks to the cold air, most parts of the region will experience good air quality, although some may be stricken by mild pollution from Friday to Sunday, it said. Beijing will see heavy air pollution on Wednesday and Thursday morning and mild air pollution on Thursday afternoon, the center said. The capital's air pollution emergency response office issued a yellow alert for smog on Tuesday, reminding residents to take precautions. Under Beijing's three-tier warning system, the yellow alert is the least severe, followed by orange and red.,The yellow alert and above will trigger a series of compulsory emergency responses that can include the suspension of outdoor construction operations to reduce dust, the restriction of heavily polluting vehicles and the suspension of production at smokestack industries. The Ministry of Ecology and Environment has sent a notice to the governments of Hebei, Shanxi, Shandong, Henan and Shaanxi provinces, as well as to Beijing and Tianjin, urging them to take emergency response measures, including production restrictions, to help curb the pollution. As of 8 am on Monday, 25 cities had taken steps as required, according to the ministry.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "  Art lovers in Beijing will enjoy the audiovisual feast during the Beijing New Dance Festival from Aug 19 to 27. More than 40 dancers and choreographers from the countries involved in the Belt and Road Initiative, such as Slovenia, Venezuela, Singapore and Israel, will give performances.  The dance performance 16 by dancers from Plesni Teater Ljubljana in Slovenia, expresses a 16-year-old story of professional and intimate connection of two contemporary dance artists, Rosana and Gregor, who through the speech of dance tell their own life story onstage.  A Spanish dance group called Compania Sharon Fridman will present its most recent project  . The project tries to explore the unlimited repertoire of movements that occur when a body falls and resists abandoning its vertical state. Falling becomes an inexhaustible starting point from which multiple compositional paths can be drawn.  will recruit 20 new members from the public to participate in the performance, regardless of their ages, physical qualities or dancing skills. The Old Lady Modern dance company from China will stage the work Pond on Aug 25. Through the old women's dream, love, passion and the gratefulness for their life, the dance shows a kind of symbol alluding to all kinds of social circles. The performers try to share the stage of the senior people's real stories, having their voices heard by the public that even though they are fading out from focus of society, they can still be vivid like young people \u00a1\u00aa to love, to live and to take the positive attitude toward the beauty of being old and to maintain the courage to face weakness and even the death. Besides, the festival will offer some master classes and workshops. With these activities, dance lovers in Beijing can get a chance to follow professional instructions, improve dancing skills and strengthen their artistic sensibilities. A series of Pilates and yoga classes will also be opened to the public in the mornings through the gala.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "    Wang Daheng, male, Han nationality,was born in Tokyo, Japan,on Feb 26, 1915 and was one of the founders of applied optical science and technology in China. Wang graduated from the department of Physics in Tsinghua University in 1940 and went abroad to study Applied Optics in Britain, where he got his master's degree. In 1942, he became the assistant researcher of Birmingham Company of Britain. He came back to China in 1948. Wang made outstanding contributions to developing China's precision optical instruments, including the country's first electronic microscope and first laser device. His endeavor in developing China's laser-triggered nuclear fusion technology earned him the Distinguished Medal for China's atomic bomb, hydrogen bomb and man-made satellite projects. The scientist's expertise in optics also helped build the crystal coffin of late Chairman  which was installed at the Chairman Mao Memorial Hall in Beijing. Wang also contributed to proposing China's 863 Program, a program funded by the central government to develop advanced technologies for the country's major construction projects and national defense. Wang was an academician of the Chinese Academy of Sciences, Chinese Academy of Engineering, and International Academy of Astronautics. Wang died on July 21, 2011 at the age of 96 in Beijing.", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "  To welcome the upcoming 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China and demonstrate the essence of Chinese culture, the National Museum of China recently showcased the works of 43 masters of Chinese literature and art from the last century. Titled  the event features over 90 rare items including paintings, calligraphies, publications, manuscripts and photos. Ranging from novelists Lu Xun and Ba Jin to painters Qi Baishi and Zhang Daqian, every master from this iconic group has made significant contributions to modern Chinese culture. Most of them were born in social upheavals, grew up among the people and bore the wear and tear of the trying age, but their talent, resilience and perfectionism for arts have created the art treasures of China. Meanwhile, the National Museum also premiered  a 110-episode biographic documentary on those cultural figures on Sept 16. The first two seasons of the documentary were broadcast on China Central Television, Beijing Television and over 40 other TV stations at home and abroad. The exhibition will run through Sept 29 at the National Museum in Beijing, then tour in Shanghai, Shandong province, and Guangdong province.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "China will strengthen State-owned enterprises' mixed ownership reform, private companies' reform and property protection, said China's top economic regulator on Wednesday in Beijing, adding that it will also motivate entrepreneurship spirit and provide a better business environment in order to further promote reform. The statement was made by Lian Weiliang, deputy head of the National Development and Reform Commission (NDRC), at a press conference for the second session of the 13th National People's Congress. Private enterprises can better engage in mixed ownership reform of State-owned enterprises by having increased access and more connectivity through higher quality reform, Lian said. In competing areas joint-stock ownership is allowed to stimulate market vitality. Shareholders legitimate interests and rights will also be better protected so that they can better exercise their duties according to the holding equities, Lian said.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": " President Xi Jinping and his French counterpart Emmanuel Macron marked the first completion of a European pressurized water reactor at a ceremony and witnessed the signing of 20 bilateral cooperative documents after their Tuesday talk in Beijing. The leaders, meeting at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing, unveiled a plaque to mark completion of the EPR project, located at the Taishan nuclear power plant in Guangdong province. The project is a third-generation reactor and one of the most advanced in the world in terms of nuclear safety and performance. The project, which has taken eight years to complete, is the largest cooperative project on energy completed between the two nations as well as a great example of bilateral economic cooperation, said Nur Bekri, vice-chairman of China's National Development and Reform Commission and director of China's National Energy Administration. During his talk with Macron, Xi said that the two countries should deepen concerted efforts in their traditional fields of cooperation, including nuclear energy and aerospace. Beijing and Paris should also nurture new highlights for growth, such as agriculture, medical care and sustainable development, Xi said. Macron echoed Xi's call on reinforcing bilateral cooperation within the framework of building the Belt and Road, saying that such collaboration is of great strategic significance. Paris looks to boost communication and dialogue at a high level and in various fields during this visit, reinforce cooperation in key areas such as aerospace and nuclear power, and introduce a new chapter of bilateral cooperation, Macron said. As China will host the Winter Olympic Games in 2022 and Paris will host the 2024 Summer Games, Xi said the two countries should reinforce exchanges and cooperation in areas including tourism and youth. Macron is making his first state visit to China from Monday to Wednesday. It is also his first trip to the country since assuming office in May last year. The 20 deals signed by China and France on Tuesday covered areas such as nuclear power, aerospace and health. After their talk, Xi and Macron jointly met with delegates attending the first meeting of the France-China entrepreneurs' council. When addressing the business leaders, Xi reaffirmed China's opening-up policy as well as China's commitment to an open economy at a greater level. China is ready to uphold reciprocal opening-up with France and with Europe, and promote the strengthening of the global economic governance system. When jointly meeting the press, Xi said he and Macron agreed on reinforcing bilateral cooperation in the international context, jointly addressing global challenges including climate change and terrorism. On China-Europe ties, Xi said China firmly supports the integration of Europe and welcomes France's greater contribution to China-Europe ties. Macron said China enjoys great strength in artificial intelligence, and the two countries' cooperation on promising sectors will yield a positive influence.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "The Chinese government said it is paying great attention to the development of intelligent connected vehicles and considers the sector a vital way to ease the burden on transportation, energy consumption and environmental pollution, a top official said. \"By 2020, the market scale of the country's intelligent connected vehicles sector is expected to exceed 100 billion yuan ($14.5 billion),\" said Minister of Industry and Information Technology Miao Wei at the World Intelligent Connected Vehicles Conference held in Beijing from Oct 18 to 21. \"A new era of the automobile industry is here,\" he said. \"The development of intelligent connected vehicles can drive the technological reform and upgrading of the automobile industry.\" With the Chinese government fostering the development of intelligent connected vehicles, several cities have enacted laws and regulations for autonomous driving trials, including Beijing, Shanghai, Chongqing, Guangzhou and Shenzhen in Guangdong province, and Changchun in Jilin province. Chen Jining, mayor of Beijing, said the capital city has regarded the intelligent connected vehicles sector as one of the key development directions for advanced industry since last year, and has introduced special supportive policies to promote open road tests for self-driving vehicles. Beijing will commit itself to taking the lead in building the fifth-generation internet of vehicles to form a complete technological system of intelligent connected vehicles that meet the requirements of advanced autonomous driving, known as Level 4, said the white paper by the Beijing Commission of Economy and Information Technology, issued on the sidelines of the conference. A 50,000-hectare pilot zone will be established and over 2,000 kilometers of roads will be earmarked in Beijing for testing intelligent connected vehicles. By mid-October this year, Beijing had opened 44 road sections with a total length of 123 km for automakers to test their autonomous driving technology, according to the white paper. Chen said the intelligent connected vehicle industry, as a strategic development direction in the new era, is closely related to a wide range of industries. Therefore, its improvement requires joint efforts from all parties. China's major internet giants are already embracing the trend and betting big on the promising market.,Chinese search engine giant Baidu Inc has taken the lead in China to realize fully automatic driving under the mixed road conditions of urban roads, beltways and expressways, and has achieved mass production of the Apolong, China's first Level 4 fully self-driving mini bus. It plans to ship the buses to Japan early next year. Baidu has been engaged in the automobile industry since 2013. \"The Apollo project launched by Baidu in 2017 has become the world's largest intelligent driving environment,\" said Robin Li, chairman and CEO of Baidu. The Apollo intelligent driving system has attracted 129 eco-partners and over 10,000 developers to create products so far. Due to the open platform, many \"new species\" of autonomous driving have become involved, such as driverless trucks, unmanned delivery vehicles, unmanned sanitation cars and autonomous wheelchairs. Li said Baidu has pushed forward with a series of initiatives aimed at limiting unintended consequences from artificial intelligence, as the internet giant has taken safety and security as its first principles in the development of autonomous driving. E-commerce leader Alibaba Group Holding Ltd has been developing its own internet-connected vehicle technology. The technology giant collaborated with SAIC Motor Co and launched the internet-connected model, Roewe RX5, sparking a buying frenzy. Alibaba said it believes the development of intelligent connected vehicles should not be limited to the product itself, but expand the vision from the car to the road. \"It's worth thinking about whether smart cars can effectively use road resources,\" said Wang Jian, chairman of the Alibaba Group Technical Committee. \"The internet should be another form of infrastructure for cars, just as roads are.\" Alibaba's plans for automatic driving run alongside its vehicle-road synergetic project, which sees autonomous vehicles driving in an information-based environment and obtaining required road environment information from the intelligent transportation system. Wang said technological progress is closely related to the optimization of urban resources. \"Only when the least physical resources are used to support the development of transportation, the era of intelligent connected vehicles will really begin,\" he said.,Underpinning that goal is Alibaba's acceleration into real-world testing of autonomous driving. The company announced in September that its driverless fleet had been granted test license plates by the authorities in Hangzhou, Zhejiang province. Another internet giant, Tencent Holdings Ltd, is not far behind. Currently, Tencent has signed strategic cooperation agreements with FAW, BMW, GAC, Changan and other automakers. Several models powered by Tencent's internet of vehicles system, AI in Car, are already on the market. Pony Ma, chairman and CEO of Tencent, said the company is designing a voice interaction system to help drivers safely send and receive messages, minimizing drivers' distractions while driving. \"Carmakers are the leaders of the intelligent connected vehicle industry, and Tencent's position is clearly as an 'assistant' to carmakers, which helps the automobile industry achieve transformation and upgrading,\" Ma said. \"No automotive enterprise can provide all the resources and capabilities required to produce an intelligent connected vehicle. The future of the automobile industry needs efforts from internet tech giants and traditional carmakers,\" he said. His comments were echoed among major Chinese carmakers. \"Traditional automobile enterprises and internet technology companies are naturally and strongly complementary,\" said Xu Heyi, chairman of Beijing Automotive Group Co, or BAIC Group. BAIC Group unveiled its five-year plan, which aims to equip all of its products with world-leading self-driving or intelligent connected technologies by 2020. \"BAIC should strengthen its industrial presence in high-performance sensors, controllers, computing platforms, automatic driving systems and high-precision maps,\" Xu said. The group will cooperate with world-leading electronics company Bosch, Chinese tech giant Baidu, Chinese voice technology firm iFlytek Co, and other tech firms to integrate high-quality resources across the globe and to build an open intelligent connected vehicle ecosystem, Xu said. BAIC is not the first carmaker that has decided to build such an open vehicle ecosystem. BYD Co Ltd has launched its own car app platform, D++. Using the platform, app developers can gain access to 66 control rights, 341 sensors and extensive vehicle data. \"We are the first car brand to open all sensors and controls,\" said Wang Chuanfu, chairman and president of BYD. \"It is also the first step in the process of establishing a fully open vehicle ecosystem.\" The platform has already attracted dozens of partners, including Baidu with its self-driving Apollo system, online security company 360 Security Technology Inc, and AI specialist Horizon Robotics Inc.", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "If you personify China's consumption upgrade, you could say she is striking a pose full of poise these days. And the posture, which seems to herald glad tidings for high-end lifestyle, wellness and fitness businesses, is in full evidence at lucrative yoga studios that are mushrooming across China, industry insiders said. Two figures illustrate well the evolution of consumption upgrade: China's per-capita consumer expenditure reached 18,322 yuan ($2,667) in 2017, up 5.4 percent year-on-year. And consumers such as Christina Zhang, 25, a Beijing-based housewife, are more than willing to part with 15,000 yuan or more for an annual membership at high-end yoga studios. \"Yoga\" is Sanskrit for union\u00a3\u00adof body, mind and spirit, and well-heeled Chinese are pulling out all the stops to achieve that, egged on by new-age wellness startups that offer a variety of services and a range of yoga disciplines. For Zhang, a typical weekday afternoon is marked by an hour-long session at a high-end Bikram Yoga studio in downtown Beijing. The class sees her stretching herself in a variety of postures called asanas. As the inventive poses gradually wring sweat out of her shapely, supple frame, she disappears for a quick shower, and emerges from it radiating beauty that seems to arise from an equanimous mind anchored in a contented soul. Zhang reenergizes herself with some pastry, washing it down with a cup of refreshing black tea, while allowing her mind to float with the soothing soft music flowing out of invisible hi-fi speakers embedded in the studio walls. \"I think what I get here is worth the price,\" Zhang said. Her 15,000 yuan per annum membership contrasts with around 2,000 yuan yearly fee at traditional gyms that also offer yoga classes. But exclusive yoga studios offer a quieter environment and professional, experienced instructors. And rising demand for such exclusive services and high-end products is a clear sign that China's consumption upgrade is gathering steam, experts said. That steam is propelling new businesses such as Pure Yoga, a high-end yoga center that opened shop at WF Central, a premium shopping mall in Beijing, on Aug 5. Pure Yoga is operated by Pure Group, a Hong Kong-based owner of a popular lifestyle brand. The Beijing studio is the group's third venture on the Chinese mainland. Spread over 12,000 square meters and well decorated, the Beijing studio adheres to Pure Yoga's aesthetic style and incorporates unique natural elements that inform its design philosophy. The eco-friendly materials, including sustainable bamboo flooring, non-volatile paint, latest lighting devices, as well as the cutting-edge air-and water-purification systems, appear to create an oasis amid the concrete jungle. \"With world-class facilities and thoughtful use of space, Pure Yoga inspires people of all ages and abilities to make yoga part of their lives and enjoy the best yoga experience in a pure and healthy environment. We want to offer busy urban residents a space to relax and reenergize their soul,\" said Connie Chou, business development manager of Pure Group. The studio in Beijing boasts four group yoga rooms and one private chamber. This layout offers room for private coaching. To make sure every student gets the best out of their yoga experience, the certified, experienced teachers offer all members more than 125 premium classes each week, covering more than 20 types of yoga. The facility also provides bilingual teaching assistance. \"Practising yoga with professional yoga instructors, and in such pleasant environment, I felt my body and soul relax,\" said a practitioner after a yoga class taught by Italian instructor Dario Calvaruso. Founded in 2002, Pure Group opened its first yoga studio in Hong Kong. Seeing growing demand in first-tier cities, the company marched into the Chinese mainland. Colin Grant, CEO of Pure Group, said, \"We mainly target medium-to high-income individuals in first-tier cities, such as bankers and lawyers.\" He said people's sports-related consumption is growing continuously, and the consumption levels of Beijing and Shanghai are comparable to that of Hong Kong. \"People's income is going up. Plus, their mindsets have shifted to 'I want a healthier lifestyle'. In the past, they may have wanted to spend money on buying fancy clothes and shoes. But now, they want to eat healthier, buy sports apparel, and live healthier. People are prioritizing consumption related to health.\" The company sees the rising demand on the mainland as a big opportunity. \"The percentage of the population having a gym card in first-tier cities on the mainland is 1 to 2 percent, while the figure for Hong Kong is roughly 5 percent. Therefore, huge opportunities lie on the mainland. We aim at increasing our penetration rate in first-tier cities such as Beijing and Shanghai,\" Grant said. Agreed Qu Jing, a sports analyst at Beijing-based market research consultancy Analysys. \"High-end yoga can be viewed as the upgraded version of the normal one, and demand for that can be seen in the increase in the number of studios.,The proficiency level of the instructors is also higher. Apart from exercise itself, high-end yoga facilities offer social attribution and multiple consumption scenarios. \"For instance, they sell light meals, and develop member activities, to target high-end consumers, who are fond of novelty and have time and money to consume. As the fitness market expands, the competition becomes fierce. Therefore, the high-end market has to find ways to grab consumers.\" Currently, Pure Yoga's annual membership cards sell for 11,888 yuan each. The company claimed strong growth in sales revenue in recent months. The 15-year-old studio in Hong Kong, its oldest, notches up 8 to 9 percent annual growth rate, which is a satisfying score, the company said. By August, it owned 23 yoga studios in Hong Kong, Shanghai, Beijing, Taipei, Singapore and New York, all of which record 10,000 visits per day. Despite claiming impressive results, the company said it does not want to expand too fast. \"As a premium brand, it is not about quantity. It is about quality. Slow and steady wins the race,\" Grant said. According to a report from the Economist Intelligence Unit, China's domestic annual personal consumption scale has surpassed $4 trillion, and the figure will reach $13.7 trillion by 2030. \"It's obvious that people's consumption level is transitioning to a medium-to-high-end sectors. Development-type consumption and enjoyment consumption will experience rapid growth,\" said Xing Zhihong, spokesperson of the National Bureau of Statistics, at a recent news conference. As noted by Beijing-headquartered think tank iyiou.com, those aged between 20 and 39, who constitute the core consumption group for the traditional sports industry, are the key to a promising future. Although this group is estimated to shrink by 25 percent in the coming 15 years, the growth rate of annual personal consumption will overweigh the decline. By 2030, Chinese people aged under 40 will surpass 300 million, with a steady growing consumption power. The EIU report forecast that by 2020, the median of domestic household annual income will reach $11,000, and $29,000 by 2030. As the elderly demographic grows, incomes of the working-age population will rise. As a result, their expenditure on health and fitness will go up. As people's spare time increases, they pay more attention to high-quality life, and are no more satisfied with traditional public sports. Instead, they turn to high-end sports, which offers them exercise while broadening their horizons, helping them to embrace a more sophisticated life.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Birthday celebrations often involve a cake and candles, but for Tian Jimo, her entry into adulthood was marked by something a little different \u00a8C a lifetime supply of beer by Harbin Beer. Born in Beijing on Dec 31, 2000, at 11:59 pm, Tian was considered the last person in China to turn 18 in 2018. Tian and her twin sister, Jichu, who was born just minutes after in 2001, had previously made the news for being the first pair of twins born across two millennia. Tian's family members on Dec 31 lured her to a surprise party in Beijing planned by Harbin Beer. There, she was gifted her personal beer tap which could only be activated through facial recognition. \"From today, everyone born in the 20th century will be considered adults,\" said Vicky Ma, the marketing director of Harbin Beer. \"Reaching the legal drinking age is considered a rite of passage for young people. \"We put ourselves in the shoes of those born at the end of the year and imagined how miserable it would be to watch most of your peers enjoy the official status of being legally allowed to drink. So we thought we'd make it up to the last person to turn 18 and give her a very special birthday gift.\" Tian said she was left speechless by her personal beer tap and the efforts that multinational drink and brewing holdings company AB InBev \u00a8C it is the owner of Harbin Beer \u00a8C took to throw her the party. \"I'm very honored that AB InBev has specially organized this epic birthday party for me. I really appreciate the generosity that came from Harbin Beer. At the same time, it is my privilege to know that I was the special person Harbin Beer was searching for as I mark my journey towards adulthood. Lastly, I would like to thank everyone who was involved in planning this party for me. I wish everyone a happy New Year,\" she said.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "WASHINGTON \u00a1\u00aa The Trump administration plans to shorten the length of validity for some visas issued to Chinese citizens, the State Department said Tuesday, as President Donald Trump works to counter alleged theft of US intellectual property by Beijing. The changes begin June 11. The State Department said that under the new policy, US consular officers may limit how long visas are valid, rather than the usual practice of issuing them for the maximum possible length. The State Department did not provide specifics. But a US official said that according to instructions sent to US embassies and consulates, Chinese graduate students will be limited to one-year visas if they are studying in fields like robotics, aviation and high-tech manufacturing. China identified those areas as priorities in its \"Made in China\" 2025 manufacturing plan. The instructions also say that Chinese citizens seeking visas will need special clearance from multiple US agencies if they work as researchers or managers for companies on a US Commerce Department list of entities requiring higher scrutiny. Those clearances are expected to take months for each visa application, the official said. The official wasn't authorized to comment publicly and requested anonymity. The application process itself won't change, the State Department said. The changes come as Trump seeks to crack down on China's trade practices, especially those related to cutting-edge industries that Beijing wants to dominate. On Tuesday, Trump renewed his threat to place 25 percent tariffs on $50 billion of Chinese goods, in retaliation for what his administration says are China's unfair trade practices. The changes were foreshadowed in Trump's national security strategy issued in December. That document said the US would review and tighten visa procedures \"to reduce economic theft by non-traditional intelligence collectors.\" It specifically mentioned possible restrictions on visas for foreign students studying science, technology, engineering and mathematics. AP ", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "A lecture series aiming to help university students stay mentally fit was launched in Beijing to mark the 10th World Mental Health Day falling on Wednesday. According to the World Health Organization (WHO), China is home to more than 54 million people suffering from depression and a quarter of the country's university students said they have depression problems caused by their school work, job, family and personal concerns. Students in deep depression may dropout from school or even commit suicide. Yang Fude, president of Beijing Huilongguan Hospital and key speaker at the event, said the clinical symptoms include sad mood, lack of interest in everything around, slow action or response, tiredness, unwillingness to be social, accompanied by impaired cognitive function like decreased attention, memory, and executive function. Yang urged frequent self-rating based on the mentioned symptoms and immediate resort to professional advice and medical treatment if necessary. However, only two of the 10 depression sufferers seek medical care in China. According to Lu Yazhou, director of Depression Treatment Center Ward of Beijing Anding Hospital, depression is a preventable and treatable in early stages with psychological counseling, stress management, or physical exercise while patients with moderate or severe depression should turn to drug treatment. The country's health administration issued a guideline to strengthen mental health service in which students' mental health service is highlighted to prevent from suicide in 2017. Health News, China's major health press and organizer of the event, founded the Student Health News to target the student group. Yang Qiulan, deputy editor-in-chief of Health News, urged more attention and care to depression and more knowledge promotion of the disease. Lundbeck, century-old global pharmaceutical company specializing in psychiatric and neurological disorders headquartered in Denmark, is committed to doing its part to help world mental health patients. S?ren Kjeld Kristensen, president and GM of Lundbeck China, said they will work persistently to improve and optimize depression treatment to provide patients with better service and care.", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "BEIJING -- The Beijing municipal legislature is discussing amending its fireworks management regulations to ban fireworks all year long in light of the city's heavy air pollution and casualties caused by fireworks during festivals.  A draft amendment on Beijing municipal fireworks safety and management regulations on Thursday was rendered to the standing committee of the Beijing municipal people's congress for deliberation.  According to the draft, setting off fireworks will be banned within the Fifth Ring Road of Beijing.  This means residents in the city proper will not be allowed to use fireworks on the Lunar New Year, China's most important festival of family reunion. Chinese people often celebrate the holiday by setting off fireworks.  According to an official with the legal affairs office of the Beijing municipal government, dozens of people were injured or killed in firework-triggered accidents during the Chinese Lunar New Year between 2015 and 2017.  The number of heavy air pollution days during the seven-day festival reached two to four days each year during the past five years, said the official.  The office solicited public opinion about the draft amendment, with 83.1 percent of participants supporting the ban.  Lawmakers also advised reducing the number of sales booths and cutting off channels for illegal sales of fireworks.  Currently, use of fireworks within Beijing's Fifth Ring Road is allowed only on Chinese Lunar New Year and Lantern Festival. ", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Celebrated Chinese writers Liu Cixin and Yu Hua made presentations on Wednesday, the opening day of the 25th Beijing International Book Fair and the 16th Beijing International Book Festival. Their appearance created a buzz among fairgoers. Yu Hua, author of To Live, met about 30 Sinologists, including some of his translators. \"The translations are not inferior to the original literary text to me; they are parallel,\" Yu said. \"My connections with Sinologists, as well as foreign publishers, helped my works to be accepted in foreign markets.\" And Three Body trilogy author Liu said he counts himself among the old-school writers of science fiction\u00a3\u00adthose who have been more into scientific theories and discoveries\u00a3\u00adrather than what he observes as a trend in his genre telling stories about racial and gender discrimination. The writers' presentations were among 1,000 or more during the fair, which runs until Sunday. Hailed as the world's second-largest international book meeting, the fair attracted 2,500 publishing organizations from 93 countries and regions. A total of 300,000 titles will be displayed in the sea of books. To address hot trends in the global publishing business, the fair put emphasis on children's publishing, integration with high-tech companies, elements from local culture and a better reading experience. It also serves as the key event dealing with copyright and highlighting international publishing exchanges. \"Chinese publishers have connections with publishers from 190 countries and regions. The international cooperation deepens exchanges and understanding, and boosts the harmonious development of diverse civilizations,\" said Liang Yanshun, deputy head of the Publicity Department of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China. Zhao Haiyun, an official in the section that deals with publishing cooperation, said Chinese publishers have stepped up their exploration of international markets, and are keen to attract more readers abroad\u00a3\u00ad\"but more efforts need to be made in terms of building an intact mechanism to produce, plan, sell and promote\", he said. The State Administration of Press and Publication, formerly the State Administration of Press, Publication, Radio, Film and Television, said in its latest report that China sold 13,816 copyrights to overseas buyers in 2017, up 24.1 percent year-on-year. China has a publishing market that reaped a total income of 1.8 trillion yuan ($264 billion) in 2017, an increase of 4.5 percent from 2016. Digital publishing gained 707 billion yuan in 2017, up 23.6 percent from the previous year. The Kingdom of Morocco was featured as the guest of honor of the fair. Moroccan writer Fathallah Oualalou, once the mayor of its capital city, brought his book China and Us to the fair. He has been to China nine times. \"In the past, we thought China was so far away. Now the Belt and Road Initiative brings us closer, and we see more opportunities in cultural, educational and scientific cooperation,\" Oualalou said.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "The major economies in North America, Europe and Asia have the highest average level of internet development, while developing countries and regions in Latin America and sub-Saharan Africa are increasing efforts to develop internet, according to a blue book, the Beijing News reported. The blue book, named World Internet Development Report 2018, was released along with China Internet Development Report 2018 at the 5th World Internet Conference (WIC) on Thursday. It shows the world is in the historical convergence period in which a new round of technological revolution and industrial revolution are breaking out, and information technologies, which are represented by the internet, have deeply integrated with the production and living of people and become the leading force leading innovation and driving transformation as well as accelerating the reconstruction of the new global economic landscape. Since they were released for the first time at the 4th WIC last year, the annual blue books, compiled by research institutions, universities and information centers led by the Chinese Academy of Cyberspace also have launched a world internet development index system and a China internet development index system. The world internet development index system has been further improved and optimized this year by expanding the scope of evaluation countries from 38 to 45, which cover the major economies of the five continents and countries that are typical in internet development. The system has six indicators: infrastructure, innovation capacity, industrial development, internet application, network security and internet governance. Second only to the United States, China, with its new achievements such as the continuingly upgrading information infrastructure, advanced network information technology and strong digital economy, is the world's leading country in internet development by scoring 53.23 on the index system. Let's take a look at the world's top 10 countries with highest internet development level. No 10 Japan Score: 48.75,No 1 United States Score: 60,No 9 Germany Score: 49.24,No 8 Switzerland Score: 49.41,No 7 Netherlands Score: 49.74,No 6 Norway Score: 49.87,No 5 Sweden Score: 51.15,No 4 Singapore Score: 51.23,No 3 United Kingdom Score: 52.4,No 2 China Score: 53.23", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "SHENYANG -- A section of the high-speed railway linking Beijing and Shenyang, capital of Northeast China's Liaoning Province, is scheduled to start operation on Saturday. In the initial period, trains will run up to 300 km per hour between Shenyang and the city of Chengde in Hebei Province, Qu Xiangjin, director of the office of Liaoning provincial railway construction management, told a press briefing on Tuesday. The high-speed railway service will cut the travel time on the section to as short as two hours and 21 minutes, nearly nine hours shorter than the current fastest normal rail trip, said Qu. Six pairs of trains will run daily in the first week and as of Jan 5, the number of trains will be increased to 15 pairs, Qu said. After the whole of Beijing-Shenyang high-speed railway is put into operation, the travel time between the two cities will be cut to a minimum of two and a half hours. The 698-km high-speed railway, designed for a maximum speed of 350 km per hour, will connect nine high-speed railways in northeast China in the future.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Beijing will establish 10 areas for late-night dining by the end of 2021 to meet the growing needs of the public, authorities said on Wednesday. Yan Ligang, head of Beijing's Commerce Bureau, said consumers are requiring a higher level of services, and upgrading the sector is essential to the capital's high-quality development. Under the plan, authorities will encourage the dining industry to be greener and more regulated. \"People's desire for late-night dining has increased in recent years,\" the plan said. \"Breakfast services will also be improved by the end of 2021, with a target of establishing more than 300 fixed stores.\" Li Xinlei, a 25-year-old white-collar worker in Chaoyang district, said she frequently goes to a late-night dining block with dozens of restaurants called the 21 Block at the Hopson One shopping mall near the East Fourth Ring Road. \"Night life starts at 9 pm with delicious food and drinks,\" she said. \"I'm happy that we have such a place to relax and enjoy the food at night. My friends and I often go there after work.\" In addition, the government will upgrade barrier-free facilities in all shopping centers to ensure that 90 percent of the city's shopping areas provide full service for disabled people by 2021. Pan Yuming, an expert with Beijing's industry and commerce federation, said the government will impose detailed standards on industries such as dining, hairdressing and domestic services and cultivate professionals in those industries. \"During the drafting of those standards, we have learned from other countries such as Japan, which is well-known for its good service, and will try to raise the efficiency of the city's services,\" he said. The bureau signed agreements on Wednesday with Meituan and Alibaba Group's Koubei, two online consumer service providers, to use their big databases to evaluate the degree of satisfaction from the public.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Beijing plans to carry out 11 projects focused on relocating noncapital functions such as education and medical care this year, according to the Beijing Municipal Commission of Housing and Urban-Rural Development. The construction of new campuses for four universities, including Beijing Technology and Business University and Beijing Film Academy, is accelerating, and the city expects to relocate 80,000 faculty members and students to suburban areas by 2022. In addition, by the end of this year Beijing plans to start building or relocating four hospital branches or medical colleges in its suburban areas, which are expected to add 2,200 hospital beds and lead to the relocation of 10,000 faculty members and students. Meanwhile, Beijing plans to enhance its urban governance through 14 projects on energy and garbage treatment facilities and 64 infrastructure projects. Public transportation takes up a major part of these projects. There will be 21 subway projects, including two subway extensions that will be completed and begin trial operations at the end of this year. The city will renovate infrastructure for buses as well as around 90 kilometers of underground utility tunnels. The construction or upgrading of several garbage treatment projects in the city will be finished this year, which will raise Beijing's daily treatment capacity for domestic garbage, sewage and other garbage on a large scale.", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "The struggling bike-sharing company Ofo is urged to refund customers' deposits smoothly and quickly, said the Ministry of Transport on Friday. A large number of Ofo users lined up recently at Ofo's Beijing headquarters to get their deposits refunded due to the difficulty of receiving refunds online, and Wu Chungeng, the spokesperson of the Ministry of Transport, said the ministry is urging the company to smooth channels to return deposits and speed up refund procedures to protect the legitimate rights and interests of users. The ministry also required Ofo to increase its income, reduce expenditures and enhance the sustainable development ability of the company. \"The ministry will also follow up on the case closely with related departments,\" the spokesperson added. As of yesterday, Ofo has received more than 10 million online applications for deposit refunds. Ofo founder Dai Wei has been issued consumption restrictions by a court in Beijing yesterday, which means Dai has been prohibited from any high-end consumption and non-necessities of life and work, due to the failure by him and the Ofo company to pay debts to logistic companies, bike manufacturers and other service providers.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "An outline released on Wednesday on the integrated development of the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region has offered further details on how the capital's resources and industries will be redistributed. The ultimate goal is to move noncapital functions away from downtown Beijing, which will aid efforts to control population growth. According to the outline, Tongzhou district and the Xiongan New Area, which covers three counties in Hebei province, are two key destinations for the relocated resources. Municipal administrative offices will be moved to Tongzhou, which also will develop commercial services, tourism and technology innovation as major industries, according to Liu Bozheng, deputy head of the Beijing Development and Reform Commission, the city's economic planner. Xiongan will develop mainly high-tech and innovative industries, he said. \"The aim is to attract innovative resources to create industrial clusters and create a work-life balance for the population.\" The outline, released by the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei Integrated Development Office, also clarifies the functions of four strategic areas: the Caofeidian Integrated Development Zone in Hebei, the Beijing New Airport Economic Zone, Tianjin Binhai New Area and the Zhangjiakou-Chengde Ecological Area, also in Hebei. Steel processing and petrochemicals will move to Caofeidian, a major port in northern China; aviation logistics and high-tech industries will move to the new airport economic zone; and financial services, digital centers and technology companies will head to the Binhai New Area. Zhangjiakou, co-host with Beijing of the 2022 Winter Olympics, will develop sports, culture, tourism and exhibition services, the outline added. In addition to the two key places and four strategic areas, the outline also indicates that the Beijing, Tianjin and Hebei governments will work together to develop 46 industrial regions\u00a3\u00ad15 for innovation, 20 for modern manufacturing, eight for services and three for agriculture industries. Supportive policies in terms of finance, land supply and environmental protection will be offered to help develop these regions. For instance, Tianjin has been working on favorable policies to attract technology companies from Beijing. Bai Xiangdong, a senior official with the Tianjin branch of the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei Integrated Development Office, said several State-owned companies such as Sinomec Group, an energy service provider, have signed contracts to relocate regional headquarters to Tianjin. Some private companies such as Mobike and Didi Chuxing also have signed on to locate their business units in Tianjin's Binhai New Area. The aim of Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei Integrated Development is to realize coordinated development of the region, better protect the environment and make Beijing a livable and harmonious capital. The development plan of Beijing (2016-35) released earlier this year caps the capital's population at 23 million and calls for more green space.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Over 240 bookstores from 85 cities around China are jointly exploring better ways to survive. As part of this initiative, salons are being held in cities including Beijing, Shanghai, Suzhou and Chengdu to discuss how to maintain the traditional bookselling business while venturing into music, films, exhibitions and cultural products. And besides brand chains that have long been cultivating their unique strengths, attention is also being paid to independent bookstores. So far, hundreds of readers, booksellers and 26 renowned Chinese publishers have met in various cities for this month-long series of events named Hello Bookstore. Also, readers are invited to experience working at a bookstore for eight hours and some 20 renowned authors have been invited to share their stories about reading and their observations about physical bookstores. The ultimate goal, according to Chen Zifeng, the marketing director of the Guangxi Normal University Press Group, the organizer, is to lure readers back into bookstores. \"We want to mobilize readers and resources from the publishing industry to build up a platform that is centered on physical bookstores\", says Chen at the launch of Hello Bookstore events. This is the third year that the Guangxi Normal University Press Group, which operates its own bookstores, has organized themed events of this kind. Liu Gui, the general manager of Future Bookstore Co Ltd, says that publishers and bookstores are dependent on one another, and that this is exemplified by publishers providing books based on the bookstores' features and targeted groups, while bookstores support publishers by making payments in time. Lin Gengli, the founder of Sendpoints Books, says that in an era when books are more diverse, bookstores and publishers should be more open, innovative and inclusive when dealing with paper books, e-books and audio books. Meanwhile, explaining his philosophy of creating and producing cultural products, Wang Bowen, the general manager of Joint Publishing Company International, a company jointly funded by the Sanlian companies in Beijing, Shanghai and Hong Kong, says: \"Cultural products are not only of practical use but also make good gifts.\"", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Beijing attracts most Chinese overseas student entrepreneurs, according to a report jointly released by Center for China and Globalization, a Beijing-based independent think tank, and China's recruitment website Zhaopin.com. By the end of2016,over \"Soft power\" including interpersonal connections, comfortable environment, cultural diversity, and resources are the most important reasons the returned entrepreneurs consider when deciding on base. The report said the returned entrepreneurs need more help at market development, financial services, tutorship, financial support and talent introduction policies. Most of Chinese overseas students focus on new technologies and modern services areas to find business opportunities.  Here are the top 10 Chinese cities attracting the most returned entrepreneurs.  ", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Beijing and surrounding areas have been mostly blessed with blue skies this winter, after massive reductions in air pollutants. But that may change this month as the wind dies down, according to forecasts. The weather in late January and mid-February is unlikely to help in dispersing pollution, with temperatures expected to be above average compared with the past 30 years and less snow, the Ministry of Environmental Protection said on Wednesday. This means the air will stay stable in the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region, with less wind and a greater risk of smoggy days. \"In December, the temperature in China was 1 degree higher than average (for the past 30 years), and other indicators show this winter may have been warmer,\" said Song Wenling, chief forecaster for the National Climate Center. In response, \"local governments need to strengthen pollution controls to further cut emissions and make sure they reach their goals on air quality improvement\", the ministry said in a statement. Twenty-eight major cities in the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region and the neighboring provinces of Shandong, Shanxi and Henan set targets to cut air pollution from October to March and reduce winter smog. Based on these targets, the average PM2.5 concentration was to fall by up to 25 percent year-on-year, according to the ministry. \"All the cities saw a dramatic decline in PM2.5 levels from October to December, meaning they all met their reduction targets,\" the statement said. PM2.5 refers to fine particles with a diameter of 2.5 microns that are hazardous to human health and is one of the major indicators of air quality in China. Shijiazhuang, Hebei province, saw a 54.1 percent reduction in PM2.5\u00a3\u00adthe largest among the 28 cities\u00a3\u00adaccording to ministry data. Next came Beijing with 53.8 percent. In the capital, the average daily PM2.5 level was a record 49 micrograms per cubic meter, the same as in summer. To reach their targets, local governments introduced measures such as phasing out polluting companies and placing restrictions on coal consumption. The ministry also sent inspectors to cities to search for environmental violations and supervise local environmental protection officials, releasing the results on a daily basis. The latest inspection results show that 32 of the 861 companies visited on Tuesday across the 28 cities had breached regulations, including eight factories that had not installed facilities to reduce emissions, the ministry said.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "If all Chinese people secured lower-cost or free internet access, the internet industry could see exponential growth in market scale, analysts said. \"As more Chinese people enjoy the convenience of surfing the internet, free access to the internet has become increasingly important,\" said Zhang Fayou, an IT industry insider and co-founder of LinkSure Network, at a forum during the ongoing Fifth World Internet Conference. \"Through leveraging advanced technologies, including big data, users in the country are now able to access free Wi-Fi in all kinds of places. Chinese wisdom is bringing benefits to people from both urban and rural areas, and even overseas,\" said Zhang. The internet industry in the world's second-largest economy has seen rapid growth over the last five years. From shopping and dining to housing and financing, over 800 million Chinese people are active in cyberspace today, boosting the development of internet-related businesses. Nine of the world's top 20 high-market-value internet giants are Chinese, while five years ago, only two made the list, according to the Internet Trends report released by Mary Meeker, a partner at venture capital firm Kleiner Perkins Caufield and Byers. Data from market consultancy International Data Corp show China's internet industry market scale grew by 97.8 percent in the first quarter of this year. However, nearly half of the population still has little or limited access to the web, and many live in rural or poorer areas. Wang Li, who works at an internet company in Beijing, said in his hometown, a village of Nanyang in Henan province, only one family in three has Wi-Fi connectivity. \"Every time I return home during Spring Festival, it could cost several hundred yuan to use mobile data, just for a week,\" he said. He added that most of the rural residents there are older people, who do not have much interest in using the internet. At the end of 2017, internet penetration in rural areas was 35.4 percent, compared with 71 percent in urban areas, according to data from the China Internet Network Information Center. Tian Li, director of the Internet Development Research Institution of Peking University, told People's Daily that companies are less interested in these regions due to the poor infrastructure and farmers' low internet adoption. But this is changing. According to a report by the China International Electronic Commerce Center in October, online shoppers living in villages spent over 632.2 billion yuan ($91 billion) nationwide from January to June, up 34.4 percent year-on-year. Internet giants are scrambling to outpace each other in the race to acquire vast user bases, as the surest means to increasing their market value. Ride-hailing company Didi Chuxing has built the largest online traffic network by serving 450 million passengers. Ant Financial, a 4-year-old startup, is now known as the world's largest third-party payments platform, valued at $155 billion. The estimated value of China's largest on-demand online service provider Meituan-Dianping has reached about $60 billion. The question experts are now asking is: how much larger could the market grow if barriers to accessing the internet were lowered, or even removed entirely? \"The internet is playing an increasingly important role in modern life. It has become a public facility,\" said Wang Zhe, an economics lecturer at Macquarie University. \"More cities are providing free internet access for residents. Companies are also beginning to work on products such as sharing networks.\" Free Wi-Fi services are already widely available in public areas such as railway and subway stations, restaurants, stores and exhibition centers. Wang Li from Nanyang said he tends to use public internet-sharing software, such as Wi-Fi Master Key, while watching videos to save money. \"At first I saw some of my friends were using the internet for free. I asked them how to do it, then I tried it myself.\" In 2013, LinkSure Network became one of the first providers of free public internet access services with Wi-Fi Master Key, which now has more than 900 million users worldwide. \"The lower the price, the higher the demand. When the cost of using the internet radically decreases, people will become more willing to join and spend more time reading the news, searching for information, doing their shopping and playing games online,\" said Zhang from LinkSure Network. About 20 percent of its customers are first-time netizens, and their average time online is 1.7 times higher than non-customers, according to the company. Chen Zhaoxiong, vice-minister of the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, told Xinhua News Agency that the government will encourage free internet services in more public spaces. Such services are common in the West. According to Luigi Gambardella, president of ChinaEU, the EU's WiFi4EU initiative is supported by millions of euros and aims to expand free high-speed wireless internet connections in public spaces, such as hospitals, libraries and public squares. \"Free internet access in public areas plays a key role in improving economic growth, social mobility, computer literacy and education,\" Gambardella said. \"Wi-Fi hot spots could help China to improve its internet penetration rate, which still lags behind North America (at 95 percent) and Europe (at 85.2 percent),\" he said. According to Gambardella, universal free internet access may still be a dream, but providing free connection in public places, particularly in rural areas, should be on the political agenda. \"I believe free Wi-Fi hot spots will boost social development and bring economic benefits.\" Wang Zhe of Macquarie University said free internet access would significantly expand the number of netizens, creating more demand. \"Users in rural areas would demonstrate their unique characteristics, which would help make the internet industry more diverse and balanced,\" he said. \"In general, it would enlarge the whole scale of the internet industry.\" But such a move would also reduce the profit of traditional telecom carriers, he said. Li Daxiao, chief economist at Shenzhen-based Yingda Securities, said scrapping the traditional profit model of charging for internet access could be offset by the greater business potential of a larger user base, for example via advertisement revenue. \"Using WeChat, reading e-mails and listening to the radio doesn't require payment, but the value behind those businesses is substantial,\" he said. \"Monetizing the internet is not as simple as buying services.\" If universal free internet access became a reality, China would accelerate to first place in the global internet industry, with strengthened competitiveness based on higher network traffic, he said. The challenges are how to popularize the internet in remote areas and improve connectivity in less-populated regions, such as high mountains and grassland, Li said. The safety of personal information while using shared internet services is also a cause for concern for customers. Zhu Huandong, a legal specialist in Jiangsu province, said he used to log into free internet services at libraries on campus. \"I was worried whether others could see and even copy my essays,\" he said. Now, he said he hardly uses free Wi-Fi in public areas. Every month, he pays 186 yuan to enjoy mobile internet with no network limitation. But many are not as cautious as Zhu. He Ni, a 30-year-old online retail worker in Hunan province, said she is not afraid as long as there are no requests for passwords. \"If there was free internet everywhere, of course I would use it.\"", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "Beijing -- A study by Chinese scientists in East Antarctica has shown that penguins existed in the region 14,600 years ago, 6,000 years earlier than previously thought. The study was conducted by a research team from a laboratory co-founded by the State Oceanic Administration and the University of Science and Technology of China. The research in the Vestfold Hills in East Antarctica found deglacial sediment dating back 15,600 years, and sediment of penguin excrement and dirt dating back 14,600 years. This shows that penguins immigrated there around 1,000 years after the ice sheet melted, and the population kept growing. The results are important for research into the evolution of seabird breeding grounds in polar regions, the positioning of penguin shelters during the last deglaciation and penguin migration in Antarctica.", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "    A contemporary art exhibition in Beijing shows the works of some 40 artists and provides clues to future trends. Lin Qi reports.  As technology enriches forms of individual expression, there are worries that it will gain even more control of people's lives. So, how will the relationship between humans and technology evolve? How will human society change as machines and robots take on more manual jobs? As people experience an explosion of information, are they becoming insensitive to their surroundings? These topics are in the spotlight at a contemporary art exhibition now on at Minsheng Art Museum Beijing. The third   looks at these developments in Chinese art in 2016, showing the works of some 40 artists and providing clues to future trends. The artists are featured in the latest issue of  a book published by the Center for Visual Studies of Peking University. The book, which was released at the opening of the exhibition, showcases the center's efforts to monitor the contemporary art scene. It features events, exhibitions and artists' creations in 2016.,  Since 2015, the center has collaborated with the art museum in Beijing to stage an exhibition every year of artworks featured in the annual publication. The latest book says more than 3,780 contemporary art exhibitions were held in the country in 2016, an increase of nearly 200 compared with 2015. The Minsheng exhibition focuses on established artists, who have spearheaded the rise of Chinese contemporary art, and also those whose works have received good reviews and market response. The late artist Chen Shaoxiong's work  a four-channel video installation, is on show. It was also on show at Chen's solo exhibition at Beijing's Tang Contemporary Art Gallery, which ended on Nov 27 in 2016, a day after Chen died. Chen, a graduate of the   Academy of Fine  had co-founded Da Wei Xiang, an important experimental art group in Guangzhou in the early 1990s. His conceptual works combine photographs, videos, installations and ink-brush  s. In his works, he examined the changing landscape of Chinese urbanization, and invited audiences to reflect on the manic and ridiculous aspects of city life.,  In  animated ink-brush paintings of day-to-day scenes, such as abandoned railways, bare tree branches and night views, are projected on four standing screens that form a circle. When visitors stand before the screens, their silhouettes become part of the works. Chen once said: \"What we see is not what we think. What we want to see is not what we are supposed to see.\" His wife Luo Qingmin says that in his last days, when he was sick, he was even more sensitive to the surrounding scenery, religion and life, and she says that Chen used the circle of four screens to indicate the circle of life, \"a timeless feeling like that of lights at night\". Meanwhile, new media artist Tian Xiaolei from Beijing, who was born in 1982, takes a visual approach to expressing his understanding of the relationship between people and their environment that has been reshaped by technological progress. His work   shows a 3-minute-long animation. He creates \"an imagined utopia\", in which there is no distinction between a human and a robot: They work together, they fight each other, and they fall in love. With the assistance of virtual reality technology, viewers \"enter\" a surreal world and \"embrace an uncertain future for human society\", says Tian. Zhou Yan, who was the curator of Tian's recent exhibition in Toronto, says his output celebrates social landscapes that have been transformed by computers, mobile phones and the internet, but also reveal the anxieties and loneliness deep in people's hearts.,  Zhu Qingsheng, the Minsheng exhibition curator and a history professor at Peking University, says that while the ancient Chinese saw classic mountain-and-water paintings as \"  (bed travel)\",meaning that one could enjoy landscapes by looking at paintings and not leave home, in the modern world people no longer need the paintings. \"The internet has turned the world into a network of information that connects people even more closely than how people connected with nature earlier,\" Zhu says. He says while \"bed travel\" moved people with beautiful landscape, today there is a new form of that travel\u00a3\u00adaccessible information through all kinds of devices that is invading people's lives. Contact the writer at linqi@chinadaily.com.cn 11 am-6 pm, Mondays closed, through Aug 3. Minsheng Art Museum Beijing, Universal Creative Park, 9 Jiuxianqiao Bei Lu, Chaoyang district, Beijing. 010-5323-2111.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Beijing's first bikeway, which connects Huilongguan in Changping district and Shangdi in Haidian district for cyclists, has finished the colored pavement and is about to open this week. The bicycle-only road has a maximum speed of no more than 15 kilometers per hour and is forbidden to entry by pedestrians, electric bicycles and other vehicles, according to traffic rules on the bikeway released by the Beijing Municipal Commission of Transport. Cyclists should travel on the right and be aware that riding against the traffic and parking are not allowed on the bikeway. In the event of a bicycle breakdown, cyclists should wheel their bikes to the nearest exit and leave the bikeway, keeping to the right side of the road, said the rules. There are eight entrances and exits on the 6.5-km bikeway and six of them are equipped with assistive mobility devices for bicycles. To better meet the needs of commuters, a reversible lane has been introduced on the bikeway, and cyclists should ride in the direction shown on the signs. Some 11,600 commuters travel between Huilongguan and Shangdi daily, and the opening of the reversible lane is expected to provide convenience to them during rush hours.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Welcoming nearly 57 million tourists, China accounts for over 20 percent of international arrivals in the Asia-Pacific region. Although only 5 percent of its population has a passport, China is also the largest source market in the region, with 127.9 million departures in 2015. But Chinese tourism is not just about foreigners or foreign travel; travel within China is on the rise. China's domestic tourism industry earned about 3.9 trillion yuan ($563.6 billion) in 2016, up 14 percent from the year before. The numbers are staggering: Domestic tourists made 4.4 billion trips last year, an 11 percent increase from 2015. But where are these travelers going? According to China Highlights, a travel agency, the top 10 destinations in China are: 1. Beijing to see both the Great Wall and the Forbidden City 2. Xi'an to discover the Terracotta Army 3. Shanghai, Suzhou and Hangzhou by bullet train 4. Chengdu to see giant pandas 5. Zhangjiajie to witness one of the beautiful scenic areas in China 6. Huangshan to hike the magical Yellow Mountains 7. Guilin to immerse yourself in the classic Chinese countryside 8. Hong Kong, classic and scenic \u00a8C and a shopping paradise 9. Pingyao to discover a wonderfully preserved ancient city 10. Chongqing, the best place to start a Yangtze cruise The Chinese government has stated that it plans to work to develop tourism into a major driver of economic transformation. By 2020, investment in tourism is expected to grow to 2 trillion yuan, and the sector will contribute more than 12 percent of GDP. But what should China focus on to enhance its travel and tourism competitiveness? What strengths should it build on and what are the areas that it could develop further? Every year, we release the Travel and Tourism Competitiveness Report at the World Economic Forum, which ranks countries based on a range of policies in place to enable the sustainable development of the sector. The report looks at factors such as, how easy it is to do business in a country, specific travel and tourism policies, infrastructure, and natural and cultural resources. As you may imagine, China continues to deliver a very strong performance, rising two positions in the index to reach 15th place. You might not be surprised to find out that beautiful natural scenery like the Zhangye Danxia landform and iconic cultural landmarks like the Great Wall aren't the only factors that contribute to China's competitiveness. It has also benefited from increased international openness, which went up 24 positions in this edition. China has improved its Information Communications Technology (ICT) readiness and its ground and tourist service infrastructure through further investments. At the same time, it has increasingly prioritized travel and tourism, which has further supported this rise. To continue to rise in the rankings, China could further enhance its competitiveness by creating more accommodation capacity beyond the larger cities. It could also develop a more enabling environment for doing business. While environmental sustainability (132nd) remains a challenge, China has shifted its focus to this critical issue, which will hopefully in turn ensure the preservation of its unique natural resources.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "The 2018 Sino-Foreign Audiovisual Translation and Dubbing Cooperation Workshop opened in Beijing on Tuesday. More than 80 Chinese scholars and film experts, as well as 40 delegates from over 24 countries and regions are taking part, including presidents of film festivals, audiovisual agency principals, and translators. Over the five-day event themed  the participants will discuss ways to strengthen international cooperation and peer relationships in the field, as well as promote deeper international understanding of Chinese films and TV dramas, and seek deeper cooperation in dubbing. This year's workshop consists of two sessions: one held during this month's Beijing International Film Festival and the other during the Shanghai International Film Festival in June.,\"2018 marks the 40th anniversary of China's reform and opening-up, which is also a chance for Chinese filmmakers and artists to review their achievements, and communicate with the world with more opened hearts.\" said Zhu Qi, deputy director of the Bureau for External Cultural Relations, Ministry of Culture and Tourism, at the opening ceremony. \"This workshop provides a high-level, reliable communication platform to serve such purposes, and could promote in-depth exchanges to facilitate mutual understanding,\" Zhu said.,\"China has entered a new era of development, which provides new chances for the Chinese cultural industry. China leads in the number of films and television production, and has the biggest viewing population in the world,\" said Ma Li, director of international cooperation department of State Administration of Radio and Television. Li Zuowen, dean of School of International Studies of Communication University of China, said the university will continue its advantages in audiovisual translation education and do research to make greater contributions to the international cultural exchanges. The workshop, sponsored by the Ministry of Culture and Tourism, and the State Administration of Radio and Television, has been held annually since 2015. It's co-hosted by the Communication University of China and Chinese Culture Translation and Studies Support Network, and supported by the Organizing Committee of the Beijing International Film Festival. Also that day,  part of the \"Happy Chinese New Year\" project of the culture and tourism ministry, unveiled its winning entries. First prize went to  presented by the Beijing Overseas Cultural Exchanges Center, followed by three second prize winners and five third prize recipients. The contest is supported by the culture and tourism ministry's Bureau for External Cultural Relations, and co-hosted by Chinaculture.org and the Communication University of China.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "China\u00a1\u00afs Cultural and Tourism Minister Luo Shugang met with Mar\u00a8\u00aaa Julia Mu?oz, minister of Culture and Education of Uruguay, in Beijing on Monday. Luo expressed a warm welcome to Mu?oz. He pointed out that China and Uruguay established a strategic partnership in 2016 when Uruguayan President Tabarez Vazquez visited Beijing. Looking back, the China-Uruguay relationship has been one of the most active in China-Latin American and Caribbean relations. 2016 was the China-Uruguay Cultural Exchange Year, and both countries celebrated 30 years of bilateral diplomatic ties with a series of cultural events. Uruguay also was one the first Latin-American countries to support the Belt and Road Initiative. Luo said that China is willing to enhance cultural cooperation with Uruguay under the framework of the Belt and Road Initiative. That includes expanding cultural and art communication platforms, improving people-to-people exchange, deepening cooperation between art agencies, and reinforcing marketing on travel resources to build a solid, humane foundation for bilateral strategic friendship and cooperation. Mu?oz agreed with Luo and spoke highly of efforts made by the Ministry of Culture of China for cultural exchanges on both sides, and said that Uruguay is willing to continue its various bilateral visits and communication with China for cultural agencies, enterprises and artists in both countries.  She also expressed support for the establishment of a China Cultural Center in Uruguay, promoting bilateral cooperation to a new level. After the meeting, Luo and Mu?oz signed a memorandum of understanding between the government of the People's Republic of China and the government of the Eastern Republic of Uruguay for the establishment of a China Cultural Center in Uruguay.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Thirty-five primary school students from 34 cities gave stage play performances on marine animal protection and aerospace exploration in Beijing on Wednesday. The students, aged 6 to 9, went to the Beijing Aquarium and China Science and Technology Museum on Monday and Tuesday to gain inspiration for their performances. The event, organized by Xueersi Online School, a provider of after-school tutoring, received applications from more than 12,000 primary school students nationwide. Yang Fuguang, principal of Xueersi Shanghai, said more than 30,000 students have participated in the event since 2016. The event aims to improve students' abilities in storytelling, oral expression, critical thinking and confidence, according to Yang.", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "      SANTIAGO - Chile aims to attract Chinese investment in its capital Santiago's public transit network, local media said on Thursday.  Chilean Transport Minister Paola Tapia is set to travel to China for \"the Week of Chile in China,\" an investment promotion tour in China's several cities starting later this month, according to the daily La Tercera.  Tapia will travel to Beijing, Guangzhou, Shenzhen, Wuhan, Honk Kong and Chengdu, to meet with manufacturers of electric buses, such as BYD, Yutong and Yinlong.  In Beijing, Tapia will also meet with her Chinese counterpart Li Xiaopeng to discuss mass transit.  As part of a push to transition from fossil-fuel powered buses to electric vehicles, six new public transit suppliers in Santiago will be required by law to include at least 15 electric buses in their fleets by October 2018.  Chinese-made electric buses have already been unveiled in Santiago, and at least three units are to begin circulating soon as a pilot program gets underway.  \"We are going to review in the field how the electric buses operate ... and the infrastructure related to their service,\" said Tapia.  BYD's representative in Chile, Tamara Berrios, said \"Santiago has a mature transit system, with a technologically advanced level of emissions and regulations that are suitable for making the leap towards a superior technology.\" ", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "BEIJING -- Chinese President Xi Jinping Monday underscored the importance of people-centered development while carrying out extensive land greening programs. Xi, also general secretary of the Communist Party of China (CPC) Central Committee and chairman of the Central Military Commission, made the call when joining a voluntary tree planting activity in Beijing. Leading officials at various levels should lead other officials and the public to plant trees voluntarily and treat the ecological environment as important as their lives, Xi said. Other Chinese leaders including Li Keqiang, Li Zhanshu, Wang Yang, Wang Huning, Zhao Leji, Han Zheng, and Wang Qishan also attended the event held at a large green area in the eastern suburbs of Beijing. The president carried water with some students while asking them about their studies and physical training and urging them to raise the awareness of environmental protection. Stating that afforestation has long been a fine tradition of the Chinese nation, Xi said that \"we plant trees here to fulfill our legal duties.\" Monday's tree planting event was also a concrete action in building a beautiful China, advancing ecological conservation and improving people's livelihoods, he said. Equal importance should be given to both quality and quantity in land greening programs while taking a greening development path that is scientific, ecological, and frugal. Xi urged leading officials to continuously expand forest areas, and improve the quality of forests and the ecological system and its stability. They should do a good job in land greening and enrich their ways of performing duties in planting trees voluntarily, Xi said.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "      A commuter pass for the Beijing-Tianjin intercity railway that gives a discount of up to 15 percent went on sale on Monday as part of government efforts to promote the integration of Beijing, Tianjin and Hebei province.  Last year, 646,000 passengers traveled back and forth between Beijing and Tianjin at least twice a month. The pass is expected to benefit more than 200,000 people.  The pass will save passengers the trouble of buying tickets, and the discount is expected to attract more people to commute between the two cities, Sun Wenkui, vice-mayor of Tianjin, said on Saturday.  Currently, 184 trains arrive and depart from both Beijing and Tianjin every day, carrying more than 80,000 passengers.  Calling the launch of the pass a move to promote the integration of Beijing, Tianjin and Hebei, Sun said the Tianjin government will \"make a greater step forward\" to promote the integration of the three areas' transportation systems through further cooperation with China Railway Corp, the national network operator.  There are two kinds of train passes: a gold one for first-class seats and a silver one for second-class seats. A first class seat for a single journey between Beijing and Tianjin costs 65.5 yuan ($10), while the price for second class is 54.5 yuan.  Passengers can get a 5 percent discount if they pay for 20 single journeys up front. The discount will increase to 15 percent for gold pass holders who pay for 90 journeys and for silver pass holders who pay for 100 journeys, the Tianjin government said.  Pass holders will use their cards at a special ticket machine where they can choose a train and print a ticket with a seat assignment.  \"We are trying to keep the Beijing-Tianjin intercity line in the lead,\" said Huang Xin, deputy director of CRC's transport bureau. \"The train pass is an innovation, and we are looking forward to seeing future promotions on other railways.\"  Passengers have been expecting the discount passes since the Tianjin government announced in February that they would be issued, said Zou Yirong, from the marketing department of Tianjin Research Institute for Advanced Equipment, affiliated with Tsinghua University in Beijing.  \"The train pass was the talk of the office back then,\" she said, adding that about 40 researchers at her institute are regular commuters between the two cities - and they would save time and money with the passes.  Xiang Nan, chairman of a Tianjin-based investment company that has offices in Beijing and Tianjin, said: \"We are definitely going to make a group purchase for me and five other colleagues who need to take the train every day.\"  \"I used to spend 2,600 yuan on the train every month. Now 400 yuan of that can be saved. That is good news for me,\" said a man who only disclosed his name only as Duan. The man paid for 100 single journeys with second-class seats on Monday as he often has to travel between Beijing and Tianjin for work.   ", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "The Beijing Municipal Human Resources and Social Security Bureau announced Thursday that up to 60 percent of the foreign talent can apply for and complete their work documents in nearby districts instead of the city-level administration. Those districts are Chaoyang, Haidian and Shunyi, where most foreign talent is located in the capital, according to the authority. As increasing numbers of foreign talent come to Beijing to live and work, the capital has carried out a series of measures to provide more convenience for their work permits and other related documents. Zhu Jinhua, a senior official at the business advisory firm PricewaterhouseCoopers China, said Beijing's policy on talent visas is very friendly with high efficiency. \"It usually takes two to three working days to complete the visa for talent, which has shown a megacity's high service level,\" he said.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "The Tianjin Grand Theater will entertain local audiences with a wide and varied repertoire in 2018, announced Beijing Poly Theatre Management, which recently took over the theater's management. Tianjin audiences will enjoy shows of classical music, drama, dance and traditional Chinese opera in the upcoming performance season, says Guo Wenpeng, CEO of the company, which manages 58 theaters in 50 cities around the country. \"The performances will be brought by world-renowned troupes, some of which will make their debut in Tianjin,\" says Guo. \"We will not only introduce international theater productions to Tianjin but also have local Tianjin artists showcase themselves at the Tianjin theater and across the country.\" Under the baton of Raphael Schluesselberg, the Symphonia Vienna New Year's Concert will be staged from Wednesday to Sunday, with a program including Leichte Kavallerie Overture by Franz von Suppe and Aquarellen Waltzer, Op 258 by Josef Strauss. Tang Muhai, who is also the artistic director of the Tianjin Symphony Orchestra, will take up the baton at the concert on Jan 1, in which the National Symphony Orchestra will perform with Chinese-Canadian soprano Zhang Liping and Chinese tenor Shen Yang. Western orchestras, including the London Symphony Orchestra, Hagen Quartet and the Saint Petersburg Philharmonic Orchestra will perform at the Tianjin Grand Theater in 2018. Among the most notable changes after the management transition will be the increasing number of shows of traditional Chinese arts, such as Chinese folk music. \"Tianjin is the hometown of traditional Chinese folk arts, and we have a large fan base here,\" says Peking Opera artist Meng Guanglu. Together with a number of Peking Opera artists from Beijing, Meng will perform at the Tianjin theater classic pieces, including Auspicious Dragon and the Phoenix and Yang Silang Visits His Mother.,Beijing Peking Opera Company director Li Zhuoqun and renowned director-actor Guo Baochang will stage a Peking Opera work, titled The Grand Mansion Gate, which is an adaptation of the popular TV series with the same title directed by Guo. Highlighted dance productions will include The Moon Opera by Tianjin native dancer-choreographer Wang Yabin and Winter of Peacock by renowned Chinese dancer-choreographer Yang Liping. Western troupes will bring classic dance productions to Tianjin, including Giselle and Don Quixote by Ballet Company of Teatro alla Scala from Italy, and Swan Lake and La Bayadere by the Mariinsky Ballet from Russia. In terms of theater performances, audiences will see Taiwan director Stan Lai's classic pieces, The Peach Blossom Land and The Village. Opened in 2012, the Tianjin Grand Theater is not just seen as a place for live entertainment, but also as a scenic tourist destination in its own right. It not only attracts audiences from Tianjin but also from Beijing, which is a 30-minute journey away by high-speed train. \"Tianjin has a history of more than 600 years and is known for its unique culture, cuisine and ports. It's not just about coming to see a show. For people living in nearby cities, it's a short vacation hub as well,\" says Guo.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "A powerful demonstration of the use of artificial intelligence in publishing was the talk of a recent book fair, but there was plenty of evidence that even as technology continues to carry the industry forward, China's past will continue to provide it with a strong foundation Two first-of-its-kind books representing two prominent publishing trends rubbed shoulders when they were launched at the Beijing International Book Fair, the world's second-largest book fair, that ended on Aug 26. At the fair visitors were able to wear virtual reality equipment that took them back to historic scenes such as the Red Army's Long March of 1934-36 and the Wenchuan earthquake in Sichuan in 2008. They could also relish the magnificence of the Grand Canal from Beijing to Hangzhou during the Ming Dynasty (1368-1644) by interacting with their smartphones connected to a big screen displaying images of the canal. An encyclopedia robot got to show off its skills to enthralled visitors, and some stalls presented the beauty of thousand-year-old Chinese characters or paper binding techniques. About 300,000 people visited the fair, organizers said, and over its five days more than 1,000 book events were staged throughout Beijing. At the fair 1,520 publishing organizations from 92 countries and regions joined another 1,000 local publishers and cultural related organizations. What they witnessed was a publishing world pushing on with the task of integrating the very latest technology into everything it does, even as it proudly embraces China's past and holds firm to its cultural roots. In doing so it is well aware that it has a receptive audience not only at home but increasingly abroad. In short, for Chinese publishers it is a matter of in with the old and in with the new. On the first day of the fair, visitors were able to get a taste of what may be the world's first book written - well, translated - by artificial intelligence. The book in question was a Chinese rendering of Blockchain: The Untold Story by Srinivas Mahankali translated by an identity going by the name of Youdao AI Translator. So efficient was the translator that the Publishing House of the Electronics Industry published the translation simultaneously with the original English version. \"In fact, at first we were a bit worried when we learned that we would be working with a machine translator,\" said Wang Chuanchen, president of Publishing House of the Electronics Industry. \"However, our confidence was restored when we saw the artificial intelligence's first draft.\" It took the AI translator, powered by NetEase Youdao's Neutral Machine Translation technology, 30 seconds or so to render the English book of 100,000 words over 308 pages into Chinese. Liu Renlei, vice-president of Youdao, says the final print version combines AI's primary output with human editing. The team spent an extra of two weeks to finish up, including editing, polishing and rewriting. \"AI keeps learning as it's being fed more linguistic data. In this case the book was quite easy because it's a science work written in plain language, devoid of human emotion. We know how much more work needs to be done before AI can become a perfect translator.\" Publishers may well be licking their lips as they admire AI's productivity - they would normally expect a translation such as the one it performed in half a minute to take half a year - but translators, many of whom already feel overworked and underpaid, are likely to have had a less glowing take on what AI holds for their prospects. In fact Ray Kurzwell, an American futurist, has been brave - or foolhardy - enough to put a date on the demise of human translators: 2029.,However, Li Changshuan, a professor with the Graduate School of Translation and Interpretation at Beijing Foreign Studies University, believes that the superiority of the human brain over electrical circuits and computer chips when it comes to translation is underestimated. \"Of course, AI may be able to help translators, but we have the upper hand when it comes to precision and accuracy.\" Be that as it may, Chinese are embracing advanced AI technology in many fields, and last year the annual Government Work Report included the topic for the first time. In many ways publishing, a venerable business dating back a few centuries, and AI, yet to grow even a first set of teeth, seem ill matched, but the Youdao translation feat signals that these two unlikely partners are beginning to warm to one another, and that is likely to have an impact on Chinese publishing's dealings with the world, Liu said. In fact one of the topics of conversation at the fair was how our dear new friend AI might help us get a handle on the country's rich stock of ancient books. China National Publications Import & Export (Group) Corp, a major collaborator with overseas interests, signed agreements with three high-tech companies including China Literature Limited and China Unicom to explore a cloud data center with AI to update quality of service, channels and content to global publishers. Yang Feng, director of Fly Tek's AI publishing department, brought the topic of AI to the attention of international publishers at the Beijing International Publishing Forum on Aug 21, a day before the fair opened. AI could help publishing in at least two ways, Yang said. One was in searching for and obtaining content, and the other was in promotional work and deliveries. \"But AI can never, in any sense, shake the core values of publishing. And it will help with customer analysis and planning.\" AI would be especially useful with audio books, which have become highly popular, and in the burgeoning knowledge sharing business, he said. An outsider's eye can often be useful in picking out trends, and staff of Austin Macauley Publishers in Britain told fair organizers that it had detected strong momentum in Chinese digital publishing, particularly with e-commerce being intertwined with social media. Publishers Weekly quoted Jade Robertson, Austin Macauley Publishers' international publishing director, as saying it was looking at working with Chinese publishers for both print and e-books and that the Beijing fair had been \"very much a learning trip to broaden our market knowledge\".,One of the many works unveiled in conjunction with the fair served to underline that while new technology is providing a crucial foundation for Chinese publishing as it faces the future, such tomes that point to the country's past will continue to have a pivotal and lucrative role. The work in question, the 10-volume Ornamental Patterns from Ancient Chinese Textiles, published by Zhejiang University Press, includes a fascinating tale of international conflict wrapped in silk. When China was living through the early Qing Dynasty and Empire Kangxi (1654-1722) was on the throne, Peter the Great of the Russian Empire fought several battles against the Swedish Empire. Some failed, and the Russian army's flags were seized by the Swedes and have been carefully archived until this very day. It turned out that the Russian flags were made of silk and made in China. To the surprise of Zhao Feng, a silk expert and director of the National Silk Museum in Beijing, these flags that are kept in a Swedish museum fill some of the missing links in our knowledge of early-Qing silk relics in China. \"We didn't know much of what silk products looked like in that period, and now they have been given an appearance thanks to this set of books.\" The books are said to be the first of their kind for the breadth of scale in their researching, recording and being able to restore for the public record more than 10,000 ancient silk relics. With Zhao's series, visitors to the Beijing International Book Fair were thrown into a sea of digital data even as they remained on dry land relishing the continued beauty of printed books. Let it be noted, too, that this mingling of the old and new is hardly ... new. In fact some early telegraph and computer technology is said to owe its creation to careful study and copying of how silk was weaved into patterns on machines in ancient China. That kind of melding of old and new was evident in abundance at the fair. SDX Joint Publishing Company announced that in conjunction with the global academic publisher Springer Nature it would bring out a work in English on Fujian tulou, rural dwellings particular to the Hakka of Fujian province. In one work on display at the Beijing fair Citic Press has Ye Luying, a young illustrator, and Yu Zhiying, a writer, retelling stories of the legendary beauty Luo Shen from ancient paintings by Gu Kaizhi (348-409) in an illustrated book. Organizers said 5,678 copyright deals were completed at the fair, 7.9 percent more than last year. They included 3,610 copyrights that Chinese publishers sold to overseas market, and 2,068 bought from overseas. Countries related to the Belt and Road Initiative keep being the top buyers of Chinese copyrights. The fair also featured forums such as the Belt and Road Academic Summit for the New Era by the Renmin University Press, and the Belt and Road Publishing Forum by the 16th Beijing International Book Festival.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "The Beijing International Fair for Trade in Service will kick off in 50 days. Running from May 28 to June 1 at the Beijing National Conference Center, the fair is about to bring a grand festival for the service industry.  The event committee has released detailed plans for the fair including the exhibition, the venue map, and more than 80 scheduled conferences.  In recent years, China has been underpinning the importance of the third industry and put considerable efforts into pushing the internalization of this industry to a higher level. A series of free trade zones (FTZs) and trade in service pilot zones have been deployed in different cities, which have been successful. After setting up the Shanghai FTZ in 2013, seven more cities followed in 2016 to accelerate this opening-up policy.  Meanwhile, to further accelerate the development of trade in services and encourage innovation, 15 pilot zones were set up including Tianjin and Shanghai.  This year the State Council announced an expansion of the use of foreign investment, which has shown the nation\u00a1\u00afs determination in implementing the opening-up strategy. Beijing, a pioneering city for the opening-up of the service industry, has already made progress and has helped 10 new industries to emerge, including finance, tourism, culture, healthcare, internet and information services. And this year the capital will keep pushing forward progress to deepen the opening-up trend.  With this as the backdrop, this year\u00a1\u00afs fair is expected to welcome domestic and international investors with confidence, shared experiences, industry insight exchanges, and opportunities for collaboration.  Highlighting the notion of \u00a1\u00b0opening-up, innovation, and integration\u00a1\u00b1, the fair will give the first priority to providing better service for potential business partners and encouraging negotiation towards collaboration.  Six areas will be put under the spotlight: scientific technology service, internet and information service, culture and education, financial services, business tourism, and healthcare.  Deeply aware of the importance of international and domestic industrial organization and agency in international trade, the fair has also invited a number of international organizations, delegates from various countries and regions, and both domestic and foreign government representatives.  More than thirty Chinese organizations in the third industry will also attend the grand event to host exhibitions and dialogues that showcase the latest products and modes, as well as accelerate integration and collaboration between different lines of work. The underlined areas include technology trade, e-commerce, culture, sports financial services, and Chinese medicine.  The conferences to be held this year will concentrate on what is trending, spanning from e-commerce, intellectual property, the mode of the sharing economy, and crossover collaboration.  It will also focus on the investment potential from abroad with a series of events and dialogues addressing the challenges and opportunities.  Up until now the preparation is under smooth progress and the grand event is expected to commence in 50 days. ", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "BEIJING - Ma was travelling from Beijing to Guangzhou on a high speed train and enjoying freshly-cooked spicy fish head and stewed pork, typical cuisines of his hometown in Hunan province. \"All I did was to take out my phone and make an order, and the meal was served upon the train's arrival [at Changsha station in Hunan],\" said Ma.\"I'm so glad to have a taste of my home on this long and tiring journey.\" China is in the midst of its travel rush for Chinese New Year, the most important time of the year for Chinese families to get together. Around 2.98 billion trips are expected to be made during the 40 days starting Feb. 1 around the festival, including 390 million trips by train, up 8.8 percent on last year. With their smartphones, Chinese people on trains will no longer have to eat instant noodles, ham, sausages and box meals, as food delivery services have gone aboard high-speed trains. From July 2017, 27 major railway stations across China launched a pilot on-demand food delivery service for high-speed trains passing through the stations. Meal upgrades are not the only progress brought by smartphones during the travel rush. At waiting rooms of Beijing Railway Station, passengers waiting for their trains can be found shaking their smartphones. Within seconds, a service webpage shows up on their screens, with the train schedule, wheelchair leasing, and lost and found services available. The software imbedded in the social networking app WeChat can also lead passengers to the right waiting room. \"The smartphone service has saved passengers from turning to a station worker for help and improved efficiency for our services,\" said Ma Jianfu, a publicity manager at Beijing Railway Station. At Beijing West Railway Station, railway workers have applied for facial recognition for ticket checks. The gate allows passengers to pass through automatically if their faces are recognized as the same as pictures on their ID cards. \"It needs only three to five seconds for each passenger to enter,\" said Song Tingting, with the station. According to the China Railway Corporation, 70 to 80 percent of train tickets are sold online, with nearly 10 million tickets sold at most in a day. Ma from Beijing Railway Station said that technology has helped improve railway services. \"In an era with explosive information technology and ubiquitous smartphones, railway workers need to keep pace with society and better serve passengers during the travel rush,\" he said.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Beijing will start construction of its first special bicycle lane in September connecting a crowded residential area with a business center to ease traffic congestion, the municipal government announced. Unlike other bike lanes in Beijing, which are often crowded with cars, this one will be exclusively for cyclists. Yang Xiufeng, an official at the Beijing Commission of Transport who is in charge of road construction projects, said the bike lane is designed to be 6.5 kilometers long and 6 meters wide. The speed limit will be 20 kilometers per hour. \"Construction of the lane will be completed by June next year,\" Yang said. \"In addition to two regular lanes in each direction, the center lane will be reversible and serve as a passing lane. To make it more convenient for riders, the lane will have eight pairs of exits and entrances. There will be no traffic lights along the whole distance.\" The lane will connect the Huilongguan residential community in Changping district with the Shangdi area of Haidian district, where many companies are located. Yang said the authorities will continue to research bike lanes and might extend the lane to Zhongguancun Software Park, where many IT companies are located. The Beijing Municipal Institute of City Planning and Design proposed the bike lane in 2016. It takes just 20 to 30 minutes to commute by bicycle, while it can take more than an hour by car during rush hour. About 370,000 people live in Huilongguan, with up to 20 percent of them working in Zhongguancun. More than 16 percent work in Shangdi. Even if people don't drive and choose public transportation, they still have to leave home an hour in advance because of the large number of people using buses and subways during rush hour. Beijing has many designated lanes for bicycles. However, cars are increasingly encroaching, and they are often crowded with parked cars. Beijing has nearly 6 million cars, up from only 1.3 million in 1998. Zhang Lian, an IT engineer who lives in Huilongguan and commutes by subway, said she welcomes all methods that can ease congestion. \"The new bike lane will definitely be convenient for us. Right now, there are always a bunch of cars parked near the subway stations during rush hour,\" she said. \"When the bike lane is finished, I will ride to work.\" However, Yu Shenlan, a resident of Huilongguan in her 30s, said she doesn't think people will easily change their commuting habits. When it's too cold or too hot, many people still prefer to drive, she said.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "A linear park in Chaoyang and Haidian districts of Beijing offers a magnificent example of healthy city infrastructure. Yuan Dynasty Capital City Wall Site Park runs more than 9 kilometers along an east-to-west canal between the North Third Ring and North Fourth Ring roads. In addition, a pedestrian tunnel at the east end connects to a 5-km-long walking path along a river. Assuming that the area around the park has the average urban Beijing population density of 6,000 people per square kilometer, 150,000 to 200,000 people live within a kilometer's walk from the park \u00a1\u00aa and that's not counting the large number of people who work nearby. The park is adjacent to seven subway stations along four lines, so it's also easily reachable by public transportation. As great as it is, the park is not perfect. In the eastern section, there are tunnels under most crossing roads, but in the western section, users have to leave the park to cross roads. In addition, an eight- to 10-lane highway runs parallel to the north side of one section of the park. It is especially difficult for the elderly or infirm to reach the park by crossing this street at intersections. The walk signal lasts only 40 seconds, and aggressive drivers turning right or left often pose a danger to people in the crosswalk. In addition, motorcycles come from all directions. Unlike most linear parks, the park is not just a walking path. It averages roughly 130 to 160 meters wide, providing plenty of room for many kinds of sports or social activities. In the summer, abundant shade trees protect people from the hot sun, while in the spring, the blooming fruit trees are a popular attraction. Every day, thousands of people use the park. Elderly people exercise, meet friends, sing or take care of grandchildren. They practice tai chi, play badminton and do group calisthenics. Hikers and dog-walkers follow the path along the top of the old earthen wall. And people stroll or jog everywhere. At lunchtime, many office workers get in their daily steps, and since the park connects offices and residential areas, many people use it as a way to get to work or to a subway station. The wall was completed in 1276 during the Yuan Dynasty (1271-1368), known in the West as the Mongol Empire. The park was established by the city in 1988 and rebuilt in 2003 to preserve the wall and provide green space for the people of Beijing. There are almost no tourists \u00a1\u00aa people are just living their daily lives in the park. Many people say their daily exercise in the park is a key part of their lives. Guo Chaoying, who is 59, says she does not have any chronic diseases, maybe because she walks her dog for at least 10,000 steps each day. If she didn't have a dog, she might not force herself to walk so far, she says, but her dog has a strong desire to play in the park every morning. She also says physical exercise makes her emotions much better. David Evans, a professor at Beijing University of Chemical Technology, who is from England but has lived in Beijing for many years, says it is no fun walking on the roads, with all the electric bikes swarming around. But he is also glad to be motivated by his dog to take a healthy walk in the park each day. Han Yuguang, 62, says the park is a very big benefit to people's lives. Some play badminton, some sing, some walk. He says it is an especially important benefit for senior citizens. Among his badminton partners, one is 71, one is 75 and another is 81. If they didn't exercise, they wouldn't be healthy, he says. Han lives 10 kilometers away, in downtown Beijing, but he says there isn't a good place to exercise near his home. So he rides a bus fives days a week to the Yuan Dynasty park to play badminton and sing. A retired woman, who preferred not to give her name, says she comes to the park almost every day. If she stays home, there isn't much to do, so she comes to the park to exercise and meet with her friends. She says her emotions are much better because she is able to do this. Also in the park, a man surnamed Chen walks an hour each morning and an hour each evening. He takes his grandchild to the park during the day. He says life is based on exercise and the body is like a car \u00a1\u00aa if not used, it will break down.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Beijing has eased requirements for social assistance in the hopes of helping more people in need. The new requirements by the Beijing Municipal Civil Affairs Bureau are expected to benefit more than 200,000 people\u00a3\u00adup from the current 130,000. Under the new program, families who own only one car and have family members with severe diseases can apply for assistance. The car should be used to transport patients to the hospital. Previously, no subsidies were available. The program also allows a family with floor space per person below the city's average to get payments, even if they have more than two houses, said Li Hongbing, deputy director of the bureau. According to the Beijing Statistical Yearbook 2018, the city's average per capita floor space was 34.2 square meters in 2017. The change is a response to the national three-year action plan released by the State Council in June to reduce poverty and boost the economy. The Ministry of Civil Affairs also carried out pilot projects with local civil affair bureaus to better protect low-income families. The special disadvantaged group also benefits from the revised regulations. Severely disabled people in low-income families will be given the minimum living allowance. The allowance, set up in 2007, is an alternative channel that provides money and daily necessities directly to those in need. It is managed by the Ministry of Civil Affairs and local bureaus. The basic living allowance in the capital has been 1,000 yuan ($146) per month since January 2018, according to the municipal Bureau of Civil Affairs. Xu Jiacheng, deputy director of the China Disabled Persons Rehabilitation Association, warned that the implementation of the policy could come with a risk that beneficiaries may not receive the money directly, or that they will get used to welfare payments by the government. \"A regular re-examination is necessary to prevent some benefits from becoming routine,\" he said. The new guideline also stipulates that the consumption of families or individuals who have received social assistance will be examined on a regular basis by the local government, and assistance will be ended when they no longer meet the criteria.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "HONG KONG -- The mutational mechanism of a rare and deadly brain cancer has been uncovered by scientists from the Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, providing new therapeutic lead to the disease. Starting off at nerve cells around the spine and brain, lower-grade glioma (LGG) is the early form of sGBM -- one of the deadliest brain cancers. While sGBM can be treated with surgery or an oral chemotherapy drug, most of these malign tumors would mutate and return with mortality rate reaching almost 100 percent. In their latest study made public on Monday, the team led by Wang Jiguang, assistant professor at the university's Division of Life Science and Department of Chemical and Biological Engineering, analyzed and integrated the genomic data of 188 sGBM patients, including newly collected samples from Chinese mainland and South Korean patients. The study found that about 14 percent of the sampled sGBM patients displayed mutations in this gene. Taking reference from this discovery, the university's collaborators, Jiang Tao and his team from Beijing Neurosurgical Institute and Beijing Tiantan Hospital, identified a drug molecule named PLB-1001 that can reach the tumors in the brain. The molecule shows remarkable potency in selectively targeting sGBM tumors and those displaying further gene mutations. The clinical trial of PLB-1001 on 18 recurrent patients at late cancer stage returned with a partial positive response in two patients. After being prescribed a daily dosage ranging from 50 to 300 mg at Beijing Tiantan Hospital, the two patients experienced significant tumor shrinkage, with relieved symptoms and little side effects, lasting for more than 12 weeks. The outcome of this clinical trial is significant in a sense that it furthers the knowledge about sGBM treatment, Wang said, adding that developing computational models on cancer evolution helps predict cancer cells' future behavior and prioritize treatment options. Wang said more studies on PLB-1001 are needed to see if it can be used in conjunction with other drugs in achieving more persistent results. The findings were published in scientific journal Cell on Nov 29.", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "Stocks related to the Xiongan New Area in North China's Hebei province are seeing a fresh uptrend as construction for the zone pushes ahead. Shares of 15 companies involved in the Xiongan area's development, including those in environmental protection, mechanical engineering and construction materials, surged by the 10 percent upside limit on March 8, according to a report by Shenzhen Economic Daily. About 34 percent of 79 Xiongan-related shares rose by more than 5 percent, Chongqing Economic Times reported. The strong performance came right on the day when Chen Gang, Party chief of Xiongan, spoke about the progress made in the new area at the two sessions in Beijing. On March 12, several Xiongan-related stocks also surged with some of them hitting the daily limit, the finance section of Sina reported. The share price increases were also seen last month. On Feb 22, the first trading day after the Spring Festival holiday, shares in several listed companies, including Hebei-based Tangshan Jidong Cement, Beijing Hanjian Heshan Pipeline Co, and CSD Water Service climbed by the daily limit, Chongqing Economic Times reported. The planning and construction of the Xiongan New Area, a new economic zone about 100 kilometers southwest of Beijing, have been steadily progressing since the area was established on April 1 last year to help spare Beijing of functions unrelated to its status as national capital. About a year later, the planning brief of Xiongan was almost completed, according to He Lifeng, minister of the National Development and Reform Commission, the country's top economic planner. Some projects, such as the intercity railway between Beijing and Xiongan, and the afforestation project, have already started, He said on March 6 during a news conference on the sidelines of the first session of the 13th National People's Congress. Investors were cheered by the positive news in the area, but their enthusiasm for Xiongan should not be blind, Huang Cendong, an analyst with Sinolink Securities, was quoted as saying in a report in Shenzhen Economic Daily. Huang said shares related to Xiongan are at present mostly themed speculation and companies that will successfully participate in the building of the area in the future may be sought after in the stock market. Last year, after central authorities announced the establishment of the new area, the share prices of certain companies rose for several successive days, settling in a significantly higher territory. These companies are either located in the counties that are earmarked for Xiongan or involved in the area's transportation, construction materials and infrastructure construction. However, such stocks, known as \"Xiongan concept stocks\", cooled after securities supervision authorities subsequently enhanced measures to prevent financial risks. Shenzhen Economic Daily's report said after development policies in the new area are nailed down, listed companies will have opportunities to realize their value, rather than just conceptual investment.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "A new transit card that allows passengers to use public transport in 190 cities throughout the country was issued on Monday in Shijiazhuang, capital of northern China's Hebei province. The card, named the Beijing Tianjin Hebei Interoperability Card, can be used for all bus and subway systems throughout Beijing, Tianjin and all 11 cities in Hebei. In addition, the card also is usable in cities that have joined a nationwide traffic pass union, which had 190 members in 2017, said Li Yang, deputy manager of the State-owned Shijiazhuang Smart Card Science & Technology Co, which issued the card. Passengers with the card can enjoy the same discount policies with local citizens for taking public transport in a participating city, Li said. According to Li, the card will be sold only in Shijiazhuang, but it can be recharged in other cities where it can be used or online in the future. \"Most cities in the union have issued a card of this kind,\" Li said, adding that the cards issued by different cities will differ from each other in appearance, each highlighting local culture.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Staying in private homes while traveling is becoming more popular among Chinese traveling domestically and internationally, according to tourism industry insiders. A report released by the China Tourism Academy and Airbnb, an international house-sharing service, said 45 percent of people surveyed reported trying home stays when traveling abroad, while almost 60 percent of those who had not used such services said they wouldn't mind trying them during future trips. More than 1,500 people in five Chinese cities - Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou, Chengdu and Xi'an - participated in the online survey. Let's take a look at the top 10 popular destinations when mainland tourists book private residences overseas. No 10 United Kingdom No 1 Japan No 9 New Zealand No 8 Italy No 7 Hong Kong No 5 South Korea No 4 Thailand No 3 United States No 2 Taiwan  ", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "BEIJING - Chinese President Xi Jinping met with Djiboutian President Ismail Omar Guelleh in Beijing on Sunday. China is willing to work with Djibouti to continuously promote the bilateral strategic partnership, Xi said, stressing the joint building of the Belt and Road and the implementation of the outcomes reached at the Beijing Summit of the Forum on China-Africa Cooperation. China will continue to provide support for Djibouti's economic and social development, exchange experience on development, and encourage competitive Chinese enterprises to invest and expand businesses in Djibouti, he said. Guelleh said that the Belt and Road Initiative (BRI) is unique and will promote international development cooperation, and make significant contributions to creating an interconnected and better world. The groundless accusations by some people will not weaken Djibouti's confidence in the BRI and its trust in China, Guelleh noted. After the meeting, the two leaders attended the signing ceremony of documents on bilateral cooperation including joint building of the Belt and Road.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Beijing, China's capital, holds first place as 2017's best tourist city on the Chinese mainland, according to a ranking list issued by jiemian.com and Toutiao. Beijing is followed by Chongqing, the mountainous city in Southwest China, and Shanghai, the country's economic center, respectively. The list is based on the evaluation of five factors: number of visitors, income made from tourism, relevant facilities, tourism's contribution to local economy, and traffic conditions. The top 10 tourist cities are as follows: No 1 Beijing   No 7 Wuhan,No 3 Shanghai,No 2 Chongqing  ", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "      In the past decade, a nonprofit organization has been trying to reverse an imbalance in the quality of education provided in urban and rural areas. Since 2008, Teach for China has been sending graduate volunteers from some of the country's top universities to teach in remote villages and address a shortage of talented teachers. The program is now beginning to reap real rewards. When He Liu arrived at the middle school in Dazhai village, Yunnan province, seven years ago, the local children had never heard of Beethoven, Chopin or other composers, and often looked confused when their new teacher played a nocturne in class or showed them DVDs of The Phantom of the Opera. For the students, anything from outside their isolated village was entirely unknown, and therefore hard to comprehend. \"But as they listened to more songs and watched more movies, I saw signs that they were enjoying themselves. Some would nod their heads to the music and pretend they were conducting,\" said the 29-year-old graduate of Beijing Normal University, recalling the change in his former students. After graduating in 2010, He traveled to the mountainous region to work as a history teacher. He discovered that most of the teachers in the village had graduated from vocational schools and could teach little more than the contents of textbooks. \"In addition, the parents, who had been farmers all their lives, or worked in big cities and left their children in the care of their grandparents, could only provide limited knowledge. Those factors were taking a toll on the students,\" he said. Feng Qingli, who was head teacher during He's time in the village, said the isolated location hampers the children's progress. \"Nearly all of them work hard, but the problem is that they have limited contact with the outside world, so their vision is narrow,\" he said. Zhang Yue, one of He's former students, followed in her old teacher's footsteps and studied in Beijing, attending Beihang University. She said He had helped to broaden her horizons and was a lasting influence on her life. \"When I was young, the village seemed to be the entire world to me. It was Mr. He who made me realize that our village is so small and that I could go out and see the world if I worked hard,\" she said. According to Teach for China, about 1,000 fresh graduates from China's top universities joined its program in the period between 2008 and 2016. In 2006, about 470 classes involved with the program nationwide saw average marks rise, and more than 420 registered a surge in the number of students who regularly scored more than 80 percent in exams. Since the reform and opening-up policy started in the late 1970s, China's economy has grown to become the second-largest in the world. However, the downside is that the country's rapid rate of urbanization has widened the urban-rural divide, and the gulf in the education sector is one of the most worrying problems, according to experts.,  Wang Liwei, a researcher at the 21st Century Education Research Institute, a nonprofit organization in Beijing that focuses on education policy research and advocacy, said the quality of rural education is significant because a high proportion of the population still lives in the countryside. \"Poor education in isolated areas compromises the quality of the rural workforce, and that could hamper the country's development. People whose low educational status makes them unemployable also pose a threat to social stability,\" she said. In the past decade, the government has spent ever-increasing sums on upgrading the infrastructure of rural schools, providing better buildings and facilities, and introducing preferential policies to attract skilled teachers to isolated areas. In 2007, the State Council, China's Cabinet, implemented the Free Normal Education Program in six \"normal\" universities, which are colleges that train teachers for all levels. Students admitted to the program are exempt from tuition fees and also receive a monthly allowance of 600 yuan ($90) while on campus. Following graduation, they spend a specified period teaching in regions where teachers are in short supply. In 2010, the National Training Program for Primary and Secondary School Teachers was implemented jointly by the ministries of education and finance. Under the program, village teachers in Central and West China were given the opportunity to take free refresher courses or attend short-term training sessions at top universities at the State's expense. In 2012, central government spending on education reached 2.7 trillion yuan, surpassing 4 percent of national GDP for the first time, according to the Ministry of Education. The figure has been rising ever since, and last year it hit 3.8 trillion yuan, accounting for 5.2 percent of GDP. The increased investment means rural students no longer have to worry about crumbling school buildings, while internet access and multimedia teaching facilities are now commonplace. \"If you take a tour of the countryside now, it's amazing to see that schools are always the fanciest buildings,\" Andrea Pasinetti, founder and CEO of Teach for China, said. However, according to Wang, the researcher, despite the improved infrastructure, some rural areas are still experiencing severe shortages of skilled teachers. \"The lack of talented teachers means the better-off parents send their children to schools in nearby townships and big cities, but, in return, the loss of students exacerbates the problem of teacher shortages because they also gravitate toward larger towns. It's a vicious circle.\",  Pasinetti, a US-Italian dual national, founded Teach for China in 2008, basing the organization on the model of Teach for America. Its Chinese name is Meili Zhongguo, meaning \"Beautiful China\". Unlike other education assistance programs, Teach for China does not advocate a one-way street, whereby teachers become permanent fixtures in isolated spots. Instead, it emphasizes the mutual benefits the two-year program offers both teachers and students. Liu Pengze, director of the Beijing Lead Future Foundation, an NGO that provides most of the funding for Teach for China, said volunteer teaching programs are not a new phenomenon in China, which has seen the Hope Project and other initiatives, but nearly all of them advocate a lifelong devotion to teaching at the grassroots level. \"The unequal access to quality education is a result of urbanization, therefore it's unfair to expect these young talents to travel to unappealing, isolated villages and teach in them for the rest of their lives,\" he said. Before they enter the classroom, each graduate on the Teach for China program undertakes a training course that lasts four to six weeks. The course provides introductions to teaching methods, management skills and local customs, and helps the students to hone their skills through multiple trial lectures. During training they a given a monthly stipend of 2,200 yuan, but once they are in the field, they receive 2,800 yuan a month. According to Passinetti, although the financial rewards are low, the graduates benefit greatly from the experience. \"Few employers would leave demanding tasks to new employees and let them assume huge responsibility, but in rural primary schools, our graduates are like the CEOs of each class,\" he said. He Liu, the teacher, said his experience in Dazhai helped to formulate a pattern of thinking which he has retained: \"The teaching process is objective-oriented and requires a clear plan. It molded my thought pattern, which I apply to my everyday tasks.\" Statistics supplied by Teach for China show that the graduates become more willing to stay in the education sector as they progress through the two-year program. \"Initially, only about 6 or 7 percent say they will stay in education after their placement, but the number rises to 70 percent when they finish the program,\" Liu said. According to the NGO, more than 50 percent of its graduate volunteers either stay in the sector after finishing their teaching stints, or they join nonprofit organizations similar to Teach for China. Now, the Beijing Lead Future Foundation is pushing forward another program called Meili Xiaoxue, or \"Beautiful Primary School\", to offer opportunities to previous graduate volunteers who want to contribute further. The schools enlisted in the Meili Xiaoxue program remain under the administration of the local education authorities, but they hand over their management to the foundation and teaching duties to Teach for China. \"Now we have two such schools in place and they are just like two laboratories. What we want to do is to explore a new approach for rural education, which can be copied in other parts of China,\" Pasinetti said. Contact the writer at lilei@chinadaily.com.cn", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "Selling gourmet food to China isn't easy business, given the country's rich agriculture resources and profound culinary tradition. One winning recipe is to know local people's preferences and cater offerings to their palates while preserving an authentic taste. That's what drives Mr Apple, a New Zealand organic apple grower, to breed a special variety called Dazzle to quench the appetite of Chinese, who summarize the traits of the premium fruit as \"red, crunchy, sweet, and medium-sized\". According to Milli Wang, who represents the brand in China, the Dazzle variety is getting a soft launch during the China International Import Expo as the brand rides the consumption upgrade boom sweeping across the country's middle-to high-income earners. \"The color and flavor of Dazzle have been developed specifically for the Chinese market,\" Wang said. \"We hope to win more brand awareness and tap into a broader range of clients.\" To have a more prominent presence at the expo, Mr Apple is joining a cohort of small and medium-sized New Zealand companies represented by Primary Collaboration New Zealand, a group that helps New Zealand companies with product launches, concept promotions and networking in China. According to CEO Kevin Parish, the purpose of the collaboration is to aid the New Zealand food and beverage sector - usually small-scale and relatively new to China - navigate the world's largest consumer market through concerted efforts, including marketing, training and resource sharing. \"The expo provides the perfect platform to support these partners while also offering the opportunity to engage with a range of potential new customers across China,\" Parish said. \"As a collective we are working with our existing Chinese partners and the New Zealand government to showcase our natural and healthy food and beverage brands at the expo.\" LandCorp Farming, a government-owned enterprise in New Zealand, will use the expo as a springboard for the debut of its dairy products in China. Jerry Liu, who represents the brand in China, said he believed the fair would \"bring in potential clients across the country and help forge long-term relationships\". Silver Fern Farms, a processor and marketer of meat products, is looking to promote the concept of chilled beef by displaying a wide range of natural, grass-fed red meat products that are generally leaner and higher in key nutrients. Claire Tan, who is responsible for marketing the brand in China, said a signing ceremony with a key partner is scheduled during the expo, and that the company is on course to penetrate deeper into retail channels as local consumers are willing to pay a premium for quality. Also seeking to seal new deals is Rockit, which sells miniature apples in select online marketplaces and high-end retail chains. Eric Dai, who represents the brand in China, said a meeting will be held with JD, one of China's leading e-retailers, during the expo as part of the company's effort to add two new distributors by year-end. About 90 New Zealand companies participated in the six-day fair, according to Damon Paling, trade commissioner of New Zealand Trade and Enterprise. Meanwhile, a two-week New Zealand Week kicked off on Nov 1 across seven major cities, including Beijing and Shanghai, displaying a wide range of specialties from the country.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "BEIJING -- The cybersecurity department of Beijing police said more than 3,100 suspects involved in over 6,600 Internet-related cases were detained in the city in 2018. In early December, two suspects were captured in Changping district over infringing on citizens' personal information, along with over 100,000 pieces of personal stocks investment and money management records. The suspects confessed that they have illegally profited over 200,000 yuan ($29,000) by selling the information to loan companies and wealth management companies since 2016. Beijing police said they launched a campaign at the beginning of the year targeting hacker attacks, infringement on personal information, cyber fraud, online pornography, gambling and drug circulation. More than 980 Internet companies were penalized, 38,000 mobile applications removed and over 3.2 million pieces of illegal information cleaned up during the campaign, the police said.", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "The Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs said on Friday that 74 outbreaks of African swine fever have been reported in 47 cities in 20 provincial-level areas, with the latest one confirmed on Friday morning in Beijing's Fangshan district. Since 90 percent of Beijing\u00a1\u00afs pork comes from other areas, the new outbreak will not impact the supply of pork in the city,Feng Zhongwu, head of the ministry's animal husbandry and veterinary department, told a news conference on Friday. He said that since the first outbreak occurred in Shenyang, Liaoning province, on Aug 1, China had culled 600,000 pigs to curb the spread of the contagious disease as of Thursday. African swine fever is a highly contagious, viral disease that infects pigs. It does not affect humans or other animal species. Quarantine orders have been lifted in 24 areas in seven affected provinces, Feng said, including all quarantined areas in Henan and Jiangsu provinces. \"The epidemic features a dispersive pattern, but we have contained the spread through effective prevention and disease-control measures,\" he said, adding that the chance of a sudden surge in outbreaks across the nation was slim. The ministry has banned feeding pigs with kitchen waste since the end of August, and ramped up its supervision of livestock transport. Research released on Friday showed that 46 percent of outbreaks have been caused by people or vehicles carrying and spreading the disease to pigs, and 23 cases occurred as a result of feeding kitchen leftovers to pigs, Huang Baoxu, deputy director of the China Animal Health and Epidemiology Center, told the news conference. He added that the virus found in China was likely to have originated in Georgia, Russia or Poland, as analysis of the virus\u00a1\u00af genome sequence suggested a 99.95 percent similarity between it and the strains in those three countries. Investigations to determine the origin of the epidemic are ongoing, he said.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "The official who is widely expected to become the country's new environmental minister highlighted China's continuous efforts in combating pollution in the air, water and soil at an international summit on Monday, World Environment Day.  Li Ganjie, 53, made his debut at the opening of the International Summit of New Environmental Protection Technology in Nanjing, capital of Jiangsu province.  Li was named Party chief of the Ministry of Environmental Protection on Wednesday, after his predecessor, Chen Jining, became Beijing's acting mayor. The Party post would make him a likely choice for the ministerial role.  Li highlighted the latest data from the ministry showing improvements, with 338 cities reporting an increase in days with good air quality and blue skies last year.  In those cities in 2016, 78.8 percent of the days had air quality better than the national standard, an average increase of 2.1 percentage points over 2015, the annual China Environmental Statement released on Monday showed.  Air quality is considered good when the index measuring various pollutants stands at 100 or less.  Seventy-four major cities that have been monitored and assessed using stricter air quality standards since 2013 also showed improvement. An average of 74.2 percent of days in 2016 had good air quality, 13.7 percentage points higher than the level in 2013, according to the annual statement.  \"The concentration of PM2.5 was lowered by 30 percent last year compared with the level in 2013,\" Li said. Fine particulate matter classified as PM2.5, with diameter of 2.5 microns, is particularly hazardous to human health.  But Li also conceded that there is a conflict between environmental protection and economic growth, and in many regions, the emission of pollutants is approaching or has exceeded the ability of the environment to disperse or otherwise mitigate its effects.  The ministry and the Jiangsu provincial government are jointly hosting the summit, which runs through Tuesday.  Li worked in the ministry for about 16 years and was vice-minister of environmental protection between 2008 and October, when he was named deputy Party chief of Hebei province.  An appointment as minister usually requires approval from the National People's Congress, the top legislative body. The next meeting of the body's standing committee is scheduled for late this month.  Chen's new post as acting Beijing mayor also has attracted attention, given the air pollution and other environmental issues that the capital faces.  \"In the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region, tackling the pollution, especially air pollution, has become the priority, beyond other issues like traffic congestion, which could make it a priority for the new mayor as well as the new environment minister,\" said Ye Tanglin, a researcher in regional integration at the Capital University of Economics and Business.  The government has set a goal to lower the average PM2.5 concentration to 60 micrograms per cubic meter by the end of 2017 in Beijing. Last year, it was 73, making it a challenging goal, according to environment experts and the ministry.  Water pollution and water shortages in the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region also will pose challenges for the new environmental minister, Ye said.  Dong Zhanfeng, deputy head of environmental policy department at the Chinese Academy for Environmental Planning, the ministry's think tank, said the severe water pollution, especially in the-Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region, is a reality.  Dong said the ministry could do more in this regard, and more regional cooperation is needed to tackle pollution in bodies of water like the Haihe River, which runs through the region. ", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Cultural relics from Russia's Peterhof State Museum-Reserve are on display at the China Millennium Monument in Beijing. The exhibit, which began April 4, echoes China's Belt and Road Initiative, and aims to enhance cultural exchanges between the two nations. Chinese elements also found their way into many showpieces among the 243 cultural relics. One painting features a Chinese-style study room in the Summer Palace of Peter the Great. Portraits of 14 tsars were featured by the exhibition, along with royal belongings, such as costumes, watches, fans and kitchen wares. The treasures are being shown for the first time in Beijing. The exhibit will last until June 10.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "The reconstruction work on Beijng's Fengtai Railway Station, the capital's oldest, has recently begun, and it is expected to result in Asia\u00a1\u00afs largest railway station, the peoplerail.com reported on Tuesday. Authorities have diverted the Beijing-Guangzhou railway line, which normally passes through the station, as of Monday night to facilitate the new construction. Dating back to the year 1898, the Beijing Fengtai Railway Station, located at Zhengyang Avenue in Fengtai District of southern Beijing, used to be a small comprehensive railway station incorporating passenger trains and freight trains. The station has been closed for passenger service since June 2010, ending a running history as long as 115 years. According to its contractor China Railway Construction Engineering Group, the new station will have seven floors with four floors aboveground and three floors underground. Covering an area of 398,800 square meters, it will accommodate a maximum of 14,000 passengers. Subway lines 10 and 16 will be linked to the station to bring more convenience to travelers. The reconstruction work is set to finish in 2020, when the railway station is expected to become the biggest in Asia and a major transportation hub. It will serve high-speed trains on the Beijing-Guangzhou, Beijing-Kowloon and Beijing-Shijiazhuang lines, and will provide suburban railway services. The station will also help ease the capital's traffic burden, facilitate transportation to Xiongan New Area, and better promote the integration of the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Percussion ensemble, Slagwerk Den Haag, from the Hague, performed at the International Horticultural Exhibition 2019 in Beijing's Yanqing district, recently. And among the pieces it performed was one written by Chinese composer Guo Wenjing, entitled Xuan. The show, organized by the Netherlands Embassy in Beijing in conjunction with the Beijing Midi Productions Company, the performances also featured a percussion duo from the Netherlands called Dorable. Slagwerk Den Haag, founded in 1977, has its roots in the Hague, and has maintained a close connection with the city. The founders come from the percussion faculty at the Royal Conservatoire in The Hague, and the ensemble is fascinated by sounds of everyday life as well as by ceramics that can produce sound. On June 16, the ensemble had workshops for Chinese students from Yanqing No.4 Middle School, the Central Conservatory of Music and Midi Music School.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Beijing's subway riders can now board trains simply by swiping their mobile phone. Starting Sept 20, passengers taking the Airport Express can board the train by scanning the QR code after downloading an app, said the operator of the city\u00a1\u00afs metro system. The move is the latest step taken by the operator to make mobile payments easier. From Aug 20, passengers using Android-only phone with near-field communication, or NFC, function could swipe their phone to board a train in more than 270 stations of the metro system. The new method, which has now been extended to all smartphone users, is expected to be adopted by the whole subway system by the first quarter of next year.  ", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "Expanding the subway and bike lane networks should help reduce gridlock in downtown Beijing, but authorities do not expect to see major improvements in traffic flow in 2018, information released over the weekend suggests. The city aims to maintain a level of 5.7 on the traffic index this year, meaning \"mild congestion\", Rong Jun, a spokesman for the Beijing Transport Commission, said on Saturday during Beijing's ongoing two sessions. The index for the past two years has been 5.6. He said the government will release a plan containing multiple measures for tackling traffic jams after the annual meetings of the city's top legislature and advisory bodies, which end on Tuesday. \"The city will continue to accelerate construction of the subway, with an aim to increase the total length from 608 to 632 kilometers, as well as improve 900 km of bicycle lanes,\" Rong said. \"We expect 73 percent of commuters will travel by public transportation this year,\" he added, an increase of 1 percentage point on 2017. Rong said the government will also adopt a mechanism to assess how a proposed project could affect an area's traffic flow in order to prevent congestion. \"In Tongzhou district, the city's subcenter, the authorities are already taking measures to ensure clear traffic. Citywide, we're also regulating roadside parking,\" he said. A senior source with the Transport Commission, who asked not to be identified, predicted on Saturday the average commute in Beijing would be cut to only about 30 minutes once municipal departments begin relocating to Tongzhou. According to an earlier plan, Beijing's Party committee, city government, people's congress and political consultative conference were expected to move from downtown to suburban Lucheng area by the end of 2017. So far, the project has not started, and no revised time frame has been announced. However, once the work is completed, companies and small businesses will follow to provide employment opportunities and services to the shifting population, which will have a knock-on effect to downtown traffic, the senior source said. A report by tech giant Tencent and ride-hailing company Didi Chuxing ranked Beijing top among 50 Chinese cities for commuting distance and time. The average commute in the capital covers 19.2 km and lasts 52 minutes. By comparison, the average in Chicago in the United States is 32.4 minutes, according to a survey by Auto Accessories Garage, an online retailer. The average in New York City is 29.5 minutes. In the Chinese capital, people often live far from their workplace due to the high cost of real estate in central areas. As the city has expanded, the commute for many people has become longer. The Tencent-Didi report said most travel is from Huilongguan, Tiantongyuan, Tongzhou, Daxing and Yanjiao in neighboring Hebei province. All of these places are outside of the capital's Fifth Ring Road. Wu Jie, 32, travels nearly 60 km every weekday from his home in northern Tiantongyuan to his work at a transportation company in southwestern Fangshan district. It is a round trip of about four hours. \"I hope the traffic will be better when more people move to Tongzhou, so I don't have to spend so much time on the road,\" he said. dujuan@chinadaily.com.cn ", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "BEIJING - A class tutor at Beijing's Yimei Primary School, Zhao Lin has visited all 36 students' homes at weekends and summer holidays since 2014 to discuss their study with parents. Zhao offers practical advice on how to improve motivation and self-management. The aim is to get parents more involved in educating their children, says school principal Jin Hui. Although social networks and other new media have helped communication between teachers and parents, Jin believes traditional home visits are still necessary. \"Parents tend be bewildered about their children's education. Home visits mean teachers give one-on-one guidance in a targeted way. That helps create concerted efforts for educating children,\" Jin says. In September, the Chinese government issued a guideline on education reform, which called for improvements to \"family education and strengthening family education guidance services to help parents establish a rational educational philosophy\". China has an ancient tradition of family-led education. Some family rules and traditions pass down from generation to generation. However, this cultural legacy is now being tested. Some working parents have precious little spare time to spend with their children; some don't know how to talk with their kids effectively, especially if their youngsters are strong-willed or rebellious. Indulging children in online games has to some extent revealed weaknesses in family education. As a result, the demand of parents for scientific methods to raise children is growing. Books on child-rearing and education philosophy often appear on best-seller lists. Some parents consult professionals. Chinese authorities have pledged greater support and guidance. According to the Five-Year Outline on the Promotion of Family Education (2016-2020) released in November 2016, \"parent schools\" will be established in 90 percent of kindergartens, primary and middle schools in cities, and in 80 percent of rural schools by 2020. Public institutions such as museums and cultural centers will be required to hold at least two family education guidance sessions and two practical activities each year. More cities are integrating family education guidance into the public service system and increasing financial support. Beijing Municipal Commission of Education recently launched a program providing guidance to more than 500,000 families of kindergarten, primary and secondary school students. Launched in 2012, the \"mobile education lecture hall\" has held hundreds of free public lectures for more than 10,000 parents, inviting leading experts, scholars and teachers to answer questions. In Shandong province, family education research centers and mentor training bases have been set up with the help of universities, research institutions or internet platforms. Some places are fast-tracking local legislation on family education. Since the implementation of the Chongqing Family Education Promotion Ordinance in September 2016, public security agencies have admonished 1,323 parents or guardians for inappropriate family education. Family education is also regarded as crucial for cultivating and promoting socialist core values among China's youth. Qi Zhenjun, principal of the Primary School Affiliated to Beijing Chaoyang Teachers College, believes the essence of traditional Chinese family culture, such as filial piety, should be creatively applied to modern family education. In his school, parents volunteer to be guest speakers at flag-raising ceremonies, sharing their life and work experience with students. The school also encourages students and their families to do volunteer service in the community. \"Parents' mindsets and the home environment are thought to influence child development greatly. Parents can set a good example for their children and help instill social responsibility through these activities,\" Qi says. Some Chinese parents only focus on intellectual education, sending their kids to extracurricular classes to raise test scores.", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "A new way of riding a bus \u00a1\u00aa hailing a bus online and waiting until a certain number of people around your location make the same request \u00a1\u00aa will soon be available to the public in Beijing according to Beijing Public Transport, Beijing Youth Daily reported on Tuesday. People living in densely populated residential areas were the primary focus when the bus-sharing service was designed, and routes from these areas to companies, business districts and transportation centers will be provided. Based on the routes, a comprehensive network of public bus service will be mapped out with smart bus technology and big data platforms. Compared to the existing model of bus riding, the bus-sharing service features customization and flexibility. Passengers could upload their individual needs for bus rides on the internet and wait to be picked up by a public bus when it gathers enough people. In this way, bus riders will no longer need to waiting at a station or sit through a pre-defined bus journey. \"Public bus-pooling is mainly designed for temporary and irregular traveler. It is something like online car-hailing services, but with greater transport capacity,\" said Xu Kangming, an expert specializing in transport. \"The more flexible bus services, including bus-hailing, will better meet the travel demands of citizens and effectively ease the traffic tension,\" he added. However, increased capacity also makes it harder to gather enough passengers. Algorithms for higher accuracy or other advanced technologies should be put in place in the future to further improve services for citizens' convenience.", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "Global media coverage of the ongoing two sessions in Beijing has taken my mind back to the pre-internet era of the early 1980s. Back then, studious high school students in India, where I come from, used to glean \"general knowledge\" from the mass media, trivia books and almanacs. The goal was to become well-informed as well as win prizes in interschool quiz and debate competitions. We enjoyed memorizing trivia. From a \"Third World\" perspective, the West seemed fascinating-and learning more about it was considered natural, even expected. So: What's the capital of the United States? Washington. What's the currency of the United Kingdom? Pound sterling. What's the lower house of the British parliament called? The House of Commons. Where's it located? Westminster. Only Japan was a bit of an exception. It wasn't the West, but we knew Tokyo was its capital and the yen its currency. There were a couple of other exceptions: Who's Malaysia's prime minister? Mahathir Mohamad. Who's the president of Cuba? Fidel Castro. Learning \"who's who\" meant we knew \"big\" names such as Ronald Reagan, Mikhail Gorbachev, Helmut Kohl and Francois Mitterrand. Back then, we knew very little about China, except that it was a large, populous, agricultural, somewhat similar \"Third World\" country that boasted the Great Wall (which, it was believed, was the only man-made structure visible from space). Except for the bit about Beijing being its capital, and Deng Xiaoping being its leader, China was by and large a known unknown. Ignorance was bliss. Not anymore. Who could have imagined that in a little over three decades, the \"knowledge\" of the West accumulated over the years would become relatively unimportant? I certainly never imagined I'd one day live and work in China. The advent of the internet and the simultaneous politico-economic rise of China have ensured that not just my generation (those born in the late '60s and early '70s), but the one that preceded us as well as the one that followed us, are all now forced to sit up, take notice, and-shall we say-cram as many details about China as quickly as possible into our individual and collective consciousness. This became obvious to me the other day when a childhood friend in India told me his college-going teenage son, like his peers, shows a deep interest in China, reads about it online and even has a question related to the two sessions: \"Why are the members of the National People's Congress referred to as 'deputies' and not 'members of parliament', or 'MPs', as they are called in India, or 'lawmakers', like in the US?\" It may seem like a trivial question. But given my familiarity with trivia, it also represented the level of interest the world now has in China. It indicated why everyone wants to know more, not less, about China. It also underlined the need for the country's leading institutions, such as the Communist Party of China, the top legislature and the central and local governments, to better engage with the rest of the world in order to quench the seemingly unquenchable thirst for information, news and views on China. In October, the Party held its 19th National Congress. And now the world is riveted by the ongoing two sessions. It would be folly to attribute this curiosity to what appears to be the inevitable rise of the Chinese economy to global prominence. There's more going on here, I'd argue. Ordinary people across the world, empowered by technology that enables access to real-time information are looking for alternatives to failed or dubious systems of governance. You could say it's part of the process of the evolution of public consciousness itself. For a long time, developing nations were enamored with the West and bought into its media outlets' spin. Now, it seems, consumers of content are no longer sure if they should accept such messages and value systems at face value. The reality is, while the world is overwhelmed by the exhumed incidents of gender inequality and sexual discrimination, and convulses through\"#MeToo\" hashtags, China's legislature reveals its liberal, modern fabric: 742 of the total 2,980 deputies, or 25 percent, are women. The reality is, the so-called democracies have seen their parliaments, allegedly their supreme institutions, failing to shake themselves free from the vice-like grip of lobbyists of planet-pillaging, tax-evading corporations. They have seen outright criminals becoming lawmakers. They have seen lawmakers failing to enact laws to rein in the gun culture that enables shootings of innocents ad nauseam. They have also seen their august legislatures become venues for violence, stalling or rollback of reforms, and attempts to reverse, circumvent or disregard the will of the people expressed via referendums. Around the same time, the world is also seeing in China a national legislature that actually performs-it communicates its intent, and ensures the government delivers on its promises. When the world wonders if China could be trusted on a plethora of issues, the Government Work Report shows that every year there is a lot going on-opening-up, supply-side reforms, innovation initiatives, robust protection for intellectual property rights-to warrant a rethink. An open-minded world is looking for answers to vexing problems. People everywhere are questioning received wisdom-is it really wise to replace a wise president with someone arguably less so because the law forbids the former from continuing in office as he has already served the maximum two terms? Should we change the law? Or, should we uphold the law (and elect a joker next because that's the choice a democracy inflicts on us)? Such profound conundrums are boggling the world. China appears to have ignited the world's imagination with its distinct, flexible and arguably practical approach to such dilemmas.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Ye Ziyi has been obsessed by the cosmos since 2003, when she joined an astronomy club at age 15 and was given the opportunity to visit an observatory in the Beijing suburbs to view the night sky through an astronomical telescope. \"I was completely shocked by the sky's boundlessness and wanted to know more about the stars,\" she said. In 2009, she began a quest to produce a photographic representation of a solar eclipse from several locations. To realize her objective, she made separate trips to Shanghai, Kenya, the Arctic Ocean, Indonesia and the United States, taking shots of different partial eclipses she eventually combined into a whole. The 28-year-old constantly searches for information related to space and the stars. Her all-consuming interest prompted her to quit her job at an advertising agency in Singapore in 2015 to become a full-time astral photographer. Loneliness and helplessness are her constant companions when she works, but her desire to show people the beauty and power of nature gives her the courage to keep going. \"When I set up my camera and start pressing the shutter, I forget about exhaustion and focus on capturing the night sky to share the images with others,\" she said. Her work means she has to visit sparsely populated mountainous areas on her own at night, while carrying heavy equipment. The first time she visited the North Pole, the slender 28-year-old Beijing native carried a 50-kilogram bag, which was more than she could comfortably manage. \"I always have to fight like a strong man,\" she said. Though conditions are often adverse, Ye enjoys life on the road. In 2013, when she and some friends finished photographing the Northern Lights at a spot outside Reykjavik, capital of Iceland, they discovered that the road they had used on their outward journey had been submerged by the rising tide. As a result, they had to grab the sparse vegetation and haul themselves up to higher ground. Though they all completed the journey safely, Ye was in shock for several days after returning to Beijing. She has faced other dangers, too. During a trip to Namtso Lake, a sacred body of water at high altitude in the Tibet autonomous region, Ye developed chest pains and could hardly breathe. Her companions took her to a hospital, where she was diagnosed with pulmonary edema and had to breathe pure oxygen to recover. \"It was fortunate the doctor was there, otherwise the situation would have been bad,\" she recalled. The incident didn't diminish the thrill she feels when exploring unknown places in search of new experiences. \"Sometimes I feel sad that some people don't see the beauty in my photos, but I will always share my feelings about starry nights with them,\" she said.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "  Transactions in residential properties continued to decline in July as a result of tightened housing policies and financing for homebuyers, particularly in key cities in China. The combined space of transacted residential properties in Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou and Shenzhen was 2.4 million square meters, down 17 percent month-on-month, or 46 percent year-on-year, according to data from China Real Estate Index System, Beijing-based real estate market information provider. In 16 second-tier cities, including those with fast net population inflows such as Wuhan, Chongqing, Nanjing, Chengdu and Qingdao, the combined space of transacted residential properties in July declined 4 percent month-on-month and 23 percent year-on-year to 12.28 million square meters. \"Tight lending for homebuyers and policies encouraging the leasing market impacted homebuyers' sentiment,\" said Gao Jing, an analyst with CREIS. Real estate professionals said both buyers' and sellers' enthusiasm is declining. \"For buyers, it is really difficult to get their applications for home loans approved, as lending has tightened significantly since the beginning of the year,\" said Yang Zhaojun, a real estate agent with Shanghai Junda Realty Services. \"For sellers, the average price is not rising as fast as it used to. Sellers would think they might yield higher returns when the price grows further,\" said Yang. Policies encouraging the leasing market have also led some potential buyers to become tenants. Zhai Xin, a 28-year-old project manager with a telecommunications technology company in Shanghai, abandoned his plan to buy an apartment in suburban Shanghai, and rented an apartment in the downtown area instead. \"With my imited budget, if I want to buy a home, I can only afford a small apartment far from my workplace. Now I see more policies encouraging the leasing market, such as those giving more rights to tenants. Other cities have enabled tenants to have access to public services on a par with homeowners. Given these trends, I believe renting a home may bring me a better quality of life,\" he said. Hu Jinghui, vice-president of Beijing-based BACIC, a real estate services provider, said the residential market is now returning to a stable and healthy situation as cities across China implement policies to ensure that housing is for accommodation rather than speculation. \"A long-term mechanism to stabilize the market is one of the most important goals. Besides policies to adjust supply and demand, and controlling speculation, more measures in terms of lending, property ownership policies, and taxation policies are needed,\" said Hu.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Last week's meeting between President Xi Jinping and Kim Jong-un, the top leader of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, indicates China is playing an essential role in the settlement of the nuclear issue on the Korean Peninsula, according to several US analysts. Kim paid an unofficial visit to China from March 25 to Wednesday, during which he met with Xi in Beijing. \"China's role is essential,\" said Jon Taylor, professor of political science at the University of St. Thomas in Houston. The visit to Beijing and the Xi-Kim meeting has \"reinforced China's role as a central actor in managing security issues in Northeast Asia in general and the Korean Peninsula in particular\", he said. During their Beijing meeting, Xi said China will continue to play a constructive role on the issue and work with all parties, including the DPRK, toward a thaw of the situation on the peninsula. Kim said it is his country's \"consistent stand to be committed to denuclearization on the peninsula\" and the DPRK is willing to have a dialogue with the United States and hold a summit between the two countries. The Xi-Kim meeting is expected to be followed by a flurry of other talks, such as the late-April summit between Kim and President Moon Jae-in of the Republic of Korea. These are \"quite relevant\" to the summit between US President Donald Trump and Kim in May, according to Taylor, who writes about China. \"The willingness of the principal parties to engage in diplomacy and dialogue on the Korean Peninsula issue is a hopeful sign,\" Taylor told China Daily. \"If the Moon-Kim summit goes as well as the Xi-Kim summit, the greater the likelihood that Trump and Kim will be able to ratchet down nuclear tensions and begin to address the challenge of developing a meaningful path to peace.\" Yun Sun, co-director of the East Asia Program at the Stimson Center, a think tank in Washington, said, \"The significance (of the Xi-Kim meeting) is that China shows the world that China is indispensable in the process and cannot be excluded.\" Sun said China has cooperated with Trump on sanctions and placing the maximum pressure on Kim, which has brought Pyongyang back to the negotiation table. \"Looking into the future, for any deal with North Korea to sustain, China will have to be included and most likely as a guarantor,\" she said in an email. The more \"consensus and amity\" Pyongyang and Seoul can build, between themselves and toward denuclearization, the more foundation it will pave for the engagement between Trump and Kim, she said. The Beijing meeting showed that whatever may come of the upcoming inter-Korean and North Korea-US summits, China will not be a peripheral, Ankit Panda, a senior editor with The Diplomat who covers Asia-Pacific security and the DPRK's ballistic-missile and nuclear-weapons programs, said in a Wednesday post. \"As this trip represents Kim's first known sojourn outside of the country to meet a foreign head of state, it suggests that the North Korean leader may not be averse to traveling outside of the country (perhaps even overseas) for a summit with the US president,\" said Victor Cha, Senior Adviser and Korea Chair at the Center for Strategic and International Studies in a commentary co-authored with Sue Mi Terry, a senior fellow at the CSIS.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "More than 3,000 companies from over 130 countries and regions, including over 200 businesses on the Fortune Global 500 list and industry leaders, have confirmed participation in the enterprise exhibition of the China International Import Expo, to be held in Shanghai from Nov 5-10. Let's take a look at some of them, and get to know their connections to China. Country: United States After its entrance in China in 1985, Intel has established 16 branches in the Chinese mainland and owns more than 6,000 local employees. With direct investment of nearly $4.5 billion, China has become a regional market with the largest investment and most comprehensive branch settings of Intel outside the US. Country: South Korea Over the past 26 years, Samsung has established a one-stop industrial chain in China, including R&D, designing, purchase, sales, and after sales. The company has accelerated its expansion in semiconductors, LCD panels, and batteries for new energy vehicles in China. Country: Japan Sony established its full subsidiary, Sony (China) Co Ltd in October 1996 in Beijing. The subsidiary later became an important profit contributor to the Sony Group. Sony has built five large factories in China, and set up R&D centers in Beijing, Shanghai, Wuxi, Dalian and Shenzhen.,Country: France As one of the first batch of French enterprises that entered the Chinese market since reform and opening-up, L'Oreal has been running business in China for 21 years, making the country the second largest market in the group globally. It has launched 22 brands in China and will continue to promote new products, the group said. Chinese consumers have been major contributors to high-end brands sales for the L'Oreal group such as YSL and Lancome, a company performance report said. Country: UK/The Netherlands Unilever invested more than $1 billion in China and introduced more than 100 patented technologies. Headquartered in Shanghai, Unilever China also established its China R&D center in the city. Unilever China hired over 6,000 Chinese employees and provided more than 20,000 job opportunities indirectly, the company said. Country:Denmark Lego opened its second flagship store in Shanghai in September 2018 and will open another in Beijing, according to Huang Guoqiang, general manager of Lego China. The company will open more authorized stores to let more children and Lego lovers have access to its products. Online cooperation with Chinese e-commerce giants such as JD.com and Tmall will boost sales as well.,Country: UK Jaguar Land Rover will exhibit its first electric SUV I-PACE at this year's CIIE, and showcase reform in automation, interconnection, electrification and sharing, said Pan Qing, president of Jaguar Land Rover China. \"China is our top priority in new product R&D and infrastructure construction,\" Pan said. BMW has launched six new energy vehicle models in China. Sales of BMW NEVs increased five-fold in the first nine months of the year, with sales of two China-made models exceeding 10,000 units. Country: Germany Bosch, a global supplier of technology and services, announced the company achieved a strong increase in sales, close to 24 percent in China last year, with improved profitability and sales totaling 113.4 billion yuan ($16.4 billion). \"China remains the company's largest single market outside of Germany. It continues to be a success story for Bosch, contributing over 60 percent to the company's sales in the Asia-Pacific region,\" said Peter Tyroller, member of the board of management of Robert Bosch GmbH responsible for the Asia-Pacific.,Country: Finland \"I consider China one of the creators of new technology in the world, and attending the expo is a great way to learn more about China. I warmly recommand that to all Finnish companies and all European companies,\" said Risto Siilasmaa, board chairman at Nokia. Country: United States \"China remains Honeywell's largest market outside the United States,\" said Shen Bin, president of Honeywell China. The operation revenue of Honeywell in China jumped six times from 2004 to 2017. The company located its Asia-Pacific headquarters in Shanghai, and has built 26 plants in the country with more than 2,600 R&D employees. Local innovation, R&D and production contributed to 30 percent of Honeywell's revenue in China. China has become one of the largest R&D centers for Siemens around the globe, as the company has 21 innovation centers and 4,500 employees in the country. Siemens built the first digital intelligent production line for Chinese beverage brand Wahaha; and shortened quality control inspection time by 25 percent for dairy producer Mengniu. It also improved labor productivity of shoemaker Double Star three times over through customized production.,Country: France Danone's sales revenue increased more than 30 percent in Q4 2017 in China, indicating a demand rebound in the Chinese market, according to Emmanuel Faber, board chairman and CEO of Danone. The company plans to introduce more milk powder, high-end mineral water, medical nutrition and organic food to Chinese consumers through the CIIE. Country: Switzerland Founded in 1866, Nestle was part of the first batch of multinationals confirming attendance at CIIE with a hundred products. Nestle capsule coffee is earning double-digit growth in China, outperforming the single-digit growth of the whole Chinese market according to company executives. Country: United States Dole entered the Chinese market in 1998, with headquarters located in Shanghai. It established modern processing and distribution centers in cities such as Harbin, Shenyang, Beijing, Qingdao, Shanghai, Xiamen and Dongguan for fruits and vegetables. It also owns vegetable and fruit planting bases in China.,Country: The Netherland Philips was part of the first batch of multinationals entering the Chinese market since reform and opening-up. It is the first time Philips has displayed its localized innovation achievements in China after its strategic transformation in 2016. Country: Germany Bayer Greater China (the Chinese mainland, Hong Kong and Taiwan) is the largest single market for Bayer in Asia. The company runs multiple plants in China with 9,781 employees by the end of January 2018. Country: United States Johnson & Johnson entered the Chinese market in 1985 and has more than 6,000 employees in branches in 30 cities. The company was also the official partner of the 2008 Beijing Olympics. Certain products and medical devices will be showed for the first time at CIIE.,Country: United States Founded in 1973, FedEx Express entered the Chinese market in 1984 and started its international express delivery service. The company launched its domestic service in China in 2007 and now owns 86 branches with around 9,500 employees and 2,700 delivery vehicles and flies more than 250 flights in China each week. Country: UK HSBC never ceased serving the Chinese mainland market over the past 150 years, especially since reform and opening-up 40 years ago. The company also built a strategic partnership with the Bank of Communications and provides financial support to Chinese companies running business abroad.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Fukuoka artist Ryo Taniguchi has for more than two decades been designing comic characters used in teaching materials for primary school students, and he sells original products on the streets. Thanks to his familiarity with pop culture, Taniguchi's designs, Miraitowa and Someity, were selected as the official mascots of the 2020 Summer Olympics and Paralympics to be held in Japan. Through these two fictional characters, Taniguchi showcases his understanding of Japanese culture. The characters sport traditional checkered ichimatsu patterns, and they wear helmets that are like the ones worn by the samurai. Taniguchi says the designs show the all-embracing side of Japanese culture, and adds that he came up with the designs at the Beijing 2022 Mascots Design Forum held on Oct 7, at the Central Academy of Fine Arts in Beijing. The event was to draw on the legacy of the image designing of previous Olympic Games, and to inspire the development of mascot designs and merchandise for the 2022 Winter Olympics to be held in Beijing and the towns in neighboring Hebei province. The forum also featured Maria Elizabeth da Silva Lula who was the brand director of the organizing committee for the 2016 Summer Olympics and Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro and Chinese designer Yue Xin, a five time-winner of the prestigious Red Dot Award.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "  The choir - with 40 members, aged from 11 to 15, from Beijing's primary and middle schools - beat 14 other teams from around the world to win the prize. As the only children's choir in the contest, the singers took part in six events in the three-day contest. The event, organized by the International Federation For Choral Music, is one of the six major European choral competitions in the EGP (European Grand Prix for Choral Singing) league. The other five are held in Hungary, Slovenia, Spain, France and Bulgaria. A choir which wins the top prize in any of the six choral contests will be eligible for the next year's EGP grand competition. The Beijing Philharmonic choir was founded in 1983 by Yang Hongnian, a professor at the Central Conservatory of Music. Over its 30 years of development it has trained nearly 5,000 Chinese children who love music and has performed thousands of songs for audiences all over the world. At the latest competition, Yang received a special gift from a member of the organizing committee. The Italian, at his 50s, said he had watched a performance by the choir 21 years ago. He made a photo album, with a handwritten message in Italian and Chinese on the cover, showing his respect for Yang. \"This is the real proof of China's soft power,\" Yang said.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Haidian district in Beijing, home to technology hub Zhongguancun, has become a pioneer of scientific and technology innovation for China during the 40 years since the start of the country's reform and opening-up. Nearly 40 unicorn companies\u00a3\u00adstartups worth more than $1 billion\u00a3\u00adin addition to 300 listed firms and 20,000 high-tech companies are located in Haidian, which at 594 billion yuan ($85.6 billion) had the highest GDP of the 16 districts in the capital last year. Since 2016, Haidian has been contributing the most to the city in terms of economic growth. \"Once we returned to China after graduating from colleges in the US, the first place we thought of to set up our company was Haidian,\" said Lin Fan, who leads a team on artificial intelligence applications research. Lin said Haidian's top talent, great innovation facilities and government policies helped him and his team choose the district as the starting location of its business dreams. In the past few years, Haidian has been carrying out various preferential policies for science and technology innovation. It has been investing increasingly to attract companies to set up offices and to support research and innovation centers. An innovation fund co-invested by the district government, private companies and a natural science fund\u00a3\u00adthe first of its kind in Beijing\u00a3\u00adwill invest 30 million yuan this year to help innovation research teams. \"We hope that our government can share more of the startup risks at their early stage, including fundamental research, proof of concept, incubation and bringing the product to market,\" said Yu Jun, Party chief of Haidian district. He said the government will provide a full chain of services to support research teams and startups. \"Starting from this year, we plan to select 20 projects annually from the public and provide a subsidy of up to 500,000 yuan each to support early stage research,\" he said. \"At the same time, we will invite scientists, business leaders and investors to be mentors for those projects.\" Seeing modern office buildings and high-tech centers in Haidian, especially in the Zhongguancun area, it's hard to imagine that decades ago, the place was full of crowded electronics wholesale markets. The district started reconstruction in 2010. According to the Haidian district government, the western Zhongguancun area has removed 600,000 square meters of electronics wholesale markets and consumer areas and introduced 59 incubators such as innovation workplaces and six unicorn companies including Ofo, NIO and Rong360. Ding Zhe, 43, a Beijinger who used to live in Haidian, said there were not too many companies in the district when he was young. \"It has been growing rapidly, especially in the past eight years, as innovation became the economic driver in the area,\" he said. \"I still remember the time I bought computer components and made one by myself in Zhongguancun. It's totally different now, but I like how it's going.\"", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "The ongoing International Horticultural Exhibition 2019 in Beijing is all about gardening, but it doesn't shy away from high technology that improves visitors' experience. To provide visitors with information services, ticket purchasing, parking, travel routes, introductions to scenic spots, medical services, performance arrangements and traveling tips, a mobile phone app called Expo 2019 was developed. It's like having a tour guide at hand, said Guo Ziliang, an official at the Beijing World Horticultural Expo Coordination Bureau, the expo's organizer. \"The app shows people how to conveniently and efficiently make their way through the park,\" he said. \"It also helps improve the park's reception capacity.\" The 162-day expo, from April 29 to Oct 7, is expected to receive a total of 16 million visitors. The app, available in bilingual versions-English and Chinese-can be downloaded for free from online app stores. At the botanic park, one of the core areas of the expo, more than 100 projectors were installed to digitally recreate mangrove forests and the environment surrounding them: tropical seas, tides and beaches. With sound, light and electrical effects, the exhibition shows how mangroves, one of the very few vegetation environments that can survive in coastal waters, thrive in the tides and change their surroundings for the better. Tianjin resident Li Lingyan, who visited the park on Monday, was fascinated by the mangrove exhibition. \"Looking at the exhibit, it is as though I was brought to the seashore to see how mangroves grow in a tough environment. It was an amazing process,\" she said. \" I was totally thrilled, and I got to learn a lot about mangroves.\" Near Gate No 5 of the park, \"a forest of lights and shadows\" draws crowds. Using a variety of advanced technologies-augmented reality, artificial intelligence, virtual reality and human-computer interaction-scenes are created based on ancient Chinese classics, such as the Classic of Mountains and Seas, in which mythical animals appear in forests, lightning flashes, thunder rumbles, wind blows and rain pours. Visitors can experience primeval nature in a part of the exhibition developed by the Beijing World Horticultural Expo Coordination Bureau and the Chinese Academy of Sciences' Institute of Automation. In addition, visitors can experience what it's like to ride in an autonomous vehicle. Three driverless vehicles developed by Baidu-two with eight seats and one with four seats-offer rides in the park.", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "\"Bigger is better,\" said Xu Junyang, a securities analyst in Beijing, when asked what kind of vehicle he was looking for at a dealership. As his wife will soon give birth to their second child, the 39-year-old has decided to replace his four-year old five-seat Buick Lacrosse with a larger vehicle. \"Cars with plenty of room are the priority, those that can carry at least three adults, two safety chairs, two baby carriages and a lot more,\" Xu said. He is not alone. China's introduction of the second-child policy at the beginning of 2016 has spurred a huge demand for bigger vehicles among young couples. There were more than 17 million newborn babies last year, of which more than half were second children, soaring by 11 percent compared with the previous year, according to the National Bureau of Statistics. \"Even if we don't have a second child now, buying a big SUV is the long-term plan,\" said Lin Li, a 26-year-old college graduate in Beijing. Lin bought a Toyota Highlander this year as her budget excluded the possibility of buying a second car in the coming four or five years. \"Why not consider bigger ones at the outset?\" Lin said, adding that she might have two children in the future. Lin said a bigger car had always been her first choice as her family will have at least seven members, including her parents and parents-in-law. \"For younger buyers, bigger cars have also become a popular choice because they look more cool and driving them brings a feeling of adventure,\" she said. Some people who have two children and old parents are shifting toward MPVs, with Volkswagen's Sharan and Honda's Odyssey being popular choices. Cao Jian, an IT specialist in Beijing, traded up his Volkswagen Sagitar sedan for a seven-seat Odyssey in June. \"I wanted a big SUV, but the comfort and roominess of MPVs finally gained the upper hand,\" said Cao, whose parents are over 70 years old. He said MPV bodies are lower and thus more suitable for older passengers and their seats are more comfortable than those of SUVs. \"What impressed my wife and me is that the Odyssey's seats in the second row can be laid flat and you can sleep on them, which is great for both kids and parents,\" Cao said. He said the decision came after he test-drove big SUVs including the Toyota Highlander and Peugeot 5008, but their seats were not comfortable enough, and the Volkswagen Teramont was too big for him. \"We don't need great performance or clearance ability; what we need is space and comfort,\" he added. However, for those who enjoy self-driving tours, big SUVs such as the Teramont or Toyota Prado are popular. Wang Lina, a 35-year old businesswoman who is planning a trip to the Tibet autonomous region during the National Day holiday, said big SUVs are a \"natural choice\" for her. \"You are not worried even if some road sections are poorly surfaced, because SUVs can handle such conditions,\" said Wang, who often takes her family to suburban areas for fun. \"Besides, there is more legroom in SUVs, so you are less tired than in a sedan if you travel long distances. And I'm told bigger cars are safer if there is an accident,\" she said. Statistics from the China Tourism Academy showed that Chinese people made 223 million self-driving trips in the first half of 2017, with the average distance standing at 142.8 kilometers. Of the drivers, more than 80 percent were aged between 31 and 35. The academy said these people are mainly middle and high-income earners and they are more interested in the travel experience than their destinations. These trends have driven up sales of SUVs in the past few years. Last year, more than 10 million SUVs were sold, up 13.32 percent year-on-year, according to statistics from the China Association of Automobile Manufacturers. In the first half of this year, the SUV sector was also the fastest growing in the Chinese auto market, with sales soaring nearly 6.3 percent year-on-year to 4.69 million vehicles. Even though the growth rate has slowed in the past few months, major carmakers are still ramping up efforts to develop SUV models, sensing demand from people who need to drive on various road conditions across the country. Beijing Automotive Group Co Ltd, one of China's top five automakers by sales revenue, for example, said it is investing more resources to develop its SUV business. \"The SUV market is growing at a fast pace and people have big aspirations for that. This is an area in which we want to be uniquely positioned,\" said Xu Heyi, chairman of BAIC Group. \"We will focus on improving off-road vehicle offerings because consumers today have higher demands for their SUVs' functionality,\" Xu said. Wang Zilin is one of them. Wang and his wife work in Qingdao in East China's Shandong province, but they travel to their hometown in the rural area of Linyi in the same province two times a month. Wang said there are rugged road sections during the three-hour drive. \"It is more comfortable to drive a big SUV as it can handle those uneven roads better,\" he said, adding that the seats on SUVs are higher, allowing drivers to see the road more clearly, which guarantees better views and travel safety.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "An ongoing exhibition at the China Agricultural Museum in Beijing showcases farming techniques used through the ages, Wang Kaihao reports. China has a long history of agriculture, but what is the legacy left by generations of Chinese farmers over the millennia? When traveling across the countryside by train or bus, you have probably seen much of that heritage, though this may have hardly registered with you. Now, an exhibition at the China Agricultural Museum in Beijing showcases these techniques and technologies, tangible or intangible, and explores their significance to modern society. The Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs has so far chosen 91 agricultural practices from 28 provincial-level administrative regions for inclusion on the national heritage list, which was created in 2013. They are separated into nine categories, including ecosystem architecture, vegetable plantation, irrigation systems and animal feeding. All the entries are showcased at the Exhibition of China's Important Agricultural Heritage Systems through pictures, texts, traditional farming tools, and of course fresh produce. It is unprecedented to have such a comprehensive display covering the country's traditional agriculture, according to Liu Beihua, the director of the China Agricultural Museum. \"The exhibition shows our predecessors' understanding of natural rules, philosophies, and even sustainable development,\" says Liu. \"Today, people advocate an eco-friendly economy,\" she says, \"so, it becomes important to showcase the wisdom hidden in these techniques, and remind people to better protect our agrarian culture.\",Many of the examples of China's agricultural heritage, which are showcased, are well-known. For instance, the Honghe Hani Rice Terraces, which have been a UNESCO World Heritage site since 2013. This agricultural system, which dates back 1,300 years in areas inhabited by the Hani ethnic group in Yunnan province, shows how local people overcame tough natural conditions to make full use of their scarce resources. People living by the West Lake in Hangzhou, the capital of Zhejiang province and also a UNESCO World Heritage site, have grown world famous Longjing Tea for 1,000 years, and have a system of planting that produces one of the best Chinese tea varieties. Speaking about the benefits of preserving the agricultural heritage, Liu says: \"As China makes efforts to revitalize its rural areas, the old traditions can play a pivotal role.\" Another display shows how Qingtian county in Zhejiang province has a system which enables fish to be raised in watered rice fields. In Aohan banner (a county-level region) in the Inner Mongolia autonomous region, farmers grow millet the same way that they have been doing for thousands of years. Archaeological discoveries show that the local people began to grow millet, almost 8,000 years ago, the earliest known cultivation of the cereal crop in the world. One of the discoveries shows how Turpan, in the Xinjiang Uygur autonomous region, had an underground channel called karez dating back 2,000 years that was used for irrigation in the arid region. \"All these agricultural systems are examples of how the Chinese sought harmony between heaven and earth, as advocated in (their) philosophy,\" says Dai Jun, a supervisor from the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs. \"Many popular modern ideas, like organic food, can also trace their roots to such ancient practices,\" he says. One of the displays showcases rice fields in the west of Beijing, that have been in existence for over 300 years. In imperial times, the fields were a key source of food for the royal families in the capital city. Now, at just 1.3 square kilometers, the field is still cultivated.,\"The area of the field is greatly reduced,\" says Dai. \"Fortunately, some parts survive today to show how people grew rice in Beijing in the old days.\" Dai says traditional farming areas form the foundation of the nation's culture. For instance, in the Honghe Hani Terrace area, a unique polyphonic chorus genre called Hani-haba (Hani ancient songs) and other intangible cultural heritage is closely connected with people's everyday labor in the field. \"Unlike cultural relics, agricultural heritage systems are still alive,\" Dai explains. \"So, if it disappears, folk art forms, traditional rituals and festivals and old craftsmanship, which are based on farming, will no longer exist. \"This heritage not only belongs to the past, but is essential for the future. \"Now, in a time being dominated by modern agriculture, in which machines and chemicals are widely used, we have to leave other alternatives for future generations.\" He also says that the revival of such traditions is a way to alleviate poverty. \"Frankly speaking, some traditional methods are alive in regions that are relatively less developed and face poverty,\" says Dai. \"So, we can use this heritage to improve local livelihoods.\" However, protection of heritage does not mean keeping everything as it is. \"So, while large-scale mechanization is not advisable, management can be improved, and better breeds of farm animals can be introduced to boost economic value.\" Meanwhile, an expanded list of China's key agricultural heritage systems will be released next year, says Dai, and the clamor for national heritage site status will benefit farmers and boost food safety. Separately, China's efforts to protect agricultural heritage has been recognized overseas. According to Tang Shengyao, the deputy head of the international cooperation department of the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs, China now owns 15 Globally Important Agricultural Heritage Systems, including the Honghe Hani Rice Terrace; the Qingtian's Rice and Fish Culture, and the Aohan Dryland Farming System-placing it at the top of the table for such systems. The GIAHS program was initiated by the UN's Food and Agriculture Organization in 2002, and so far there are 52 entries from 21 countries. Speaking about how China sees the process, Tang says: \"China has released a national rule to regulate the heritage systems, and has established a supervision center overseeing their protection. We are the first country to do so, and we've gained great social, economic and cultural benefits.\" So far, delegates from nearly 70 countries have come to China to learn GIAHS-related work, Tang adds. Work has also been done to promote the exchange of experiences between Chinese and foreign counterparts on similar projects. For example, a cooperation agreement has been reached between Fuzhou Jasmine and Tea Culture System in Fujian province and wine regions in Burgundy, France. The same is true for the Xinghua Duotian water-land agro-system in Jiangsu province and the Chinampa system in Mexico-floating artificial islands that have been used for agricultural production since Aztec times. Contact the writer at wangkaihao@chinadaily.com.cn Until Feb 28 Hall No 5, China Agricultural Museum 16 Dongsanhuan Beilu (northern section of the East Third Ring Road, by Line 10 subway station Agricultural Exhibition Center), Chaoyang district, Beijing 9 am to 4 pm (closed on Mondays). Free of charge, but ID card is needed for entry. More information on website: www.ciae.com.cn", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "BEIJING -- The construction of a new expressway linking Beijing to the Xiongan New Area will begin this year, transport authorities of Beijing said Tuesday. The two-way eight-lane Jing-Xiong expressway has two inside lanes specially designed for autopilot cars, according to the Beijing Municipal Commission of Transport. The Beijing section of the expressway starts from the southwest of Beijing, crosses the Yongding River and passes through Fangshan district before connecting with the Hebei section on Beijing's southern border. The Beijing section is about 27 km long. Experts are studying the possibilities of building digitalized infrastructure and a smart tolling system. The expressway will also be equipped with rainwater collecting and treatment facilities.", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "Ding Yi performed as Alfredo Germon, the lead male role in Giuseppe Verdi's opera La Traviata, at the Sydney Opera House in 2002. As the first Chinese tenor known to have sung at the cultural landmark in Australia, the role also led him to other performances there, such as in masterpieces   . Today when Ding looks back upon that time, he not just recalls his excitement and pride but also the contribution of his teacher, Shen Xiang, the late tenor and vocal music educator, from whom he had learned opera in the late 1980s. \"La Traviata was the first opera I learned with Shen. It brought back lots of memories of him when I performed in Sydney,\" says Ding. In early 1980s, when Ding, now 56, was a teacher at the Xi'an Conservatory of Music in Shaanxi province, Shen was teaching at the Central Conservatory of Music in Beijing. \"Shen was a famous teacher and I didn't expect I would become his last student,\" Ding says. \"He not only trained me to use my voice to sing but also corrected my diction, because he spoke four languages-English, French, Italian and German.\" During Spring Festival in February, Ding visited Shen's 95-year-old widow, Li Jinwei, a veteran soprano and music educator, and they talked about bringing together other students of Shen for a concert in tribute to their teacher on the 25th anniversary of his death this year. On Friday, some 54 singers, including veterans such as Yin Xiumei, Yu Junjian and Yan Weiwen, and young students from the choir of Beijing-based China Conservatory of Music, where Ding teaches, will perform at the concert, with repertories of popular Chinese folk songs and classic arias from operas, including   and  .,Ding will perform at the concert, too. \"I hope the concert will not only commemorate Shen but also inspire young music students in general,\" says Ding. Born in Tianjin, Shen enrolled to study English language and literature at Yenching University in 1940, and also learned music there. In the following year, he went to study English literature at St. John's University of Shanghai and was also admitted to the Shanghai National Music Academy to learn vocals. In 1944, he was expelled from the school because he refused to sing in a fund-raising concert for the Japanese army, which had then occupied Shanghai. Later the same year, at age 23, Shen held his first solo concert in Shanghai, which was a success. Shen was among those who laid the foundation of vocal music education in China and helped Chinese singers get international exposure. In 1984, he led a delegation to the Finnish Miriam Hailin First International Vocal Competition, where his student, mezzo-soprano Liang Ning, won the first prize in the women's group. Then, in 1985, at the second BBC Cardiff Singer of the World Competition, bass Liu Yue won the third place. Shen's other award-winning students include baritone Cheng Da, who won the third place in the International Vocal Competition held in Chile in 1989, and tenor Hei Haitao, who won the first prize in the Verdi International Vocal Competition in 1991. Shen himself also got called to judge international vocal competitions. Speaking about his teacher, mezzo-soprano Guan Mucun says: \"He has said that emotions should come first for a singer and then techniques, such as breathing, resonance and pronunciation. \"It is a valuable idea that we should share with our young singers today.\" 7:30 pm, May 4. Poly Theater, 14 Dongzhimen Nandajie, Dongcheng district, Beijing.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "BEIJING - All the preparation work including construction of the site and exhibits arrangement for the upcoming Beijing International Horticultural Exhibition has been completed as the official opening of the expo draws near, according to the organizer. Construction on the site as well as interior decoration for 110 official and 120 non-official exhibitors have all completed, with their respective operation teams already in place, said Wang Hong, deputy city mayor of Beijing at a press conference Wednesday. The construction and decoration of venues for all domestic exhibitors including 31 provincial-level regions, Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan as well as 17 enterprises have also come to an end. Beijing will add more public transport services to facilitate visitors, while a total of 11 temporary parking lots have already been built, which will be able to accommodate over 20,000 cars, according to Wang. Around the theme of \"live green, live better,\" more than 2,500 cultural activities including a grand opening ceremony will be held during the expo, which is slated to open on April 29 in the district of Yanqing on the northern outskirts of Beijing. More than 110 official and 120 non-official exhibitors have confirmed participation, which will make it the highest attendance in the expo's history. \"We will continue to finish preparations for all work and try to offer the world a unique, wonderful and unforgettable horticultural gathering,\" Wang said. This is the second time China will hold such a high-level horticulture expo. The southwestern Chinese city of Kunming held the expo in 1999.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "BEIJING - Currently based in Beijing, James Lalonde has co-founded two companies in China in the last five years. His first startup company, Yodo1, has become a leading private publisher of mobile phone games in China. An American previously based in Silicon Valley, Lalonde started his career at Microsoft in 1990 and since then has held a number of executive roles in several software companies, such as McAfee and Brocade Communications Systems. In an interview with Xinhua on Saturday, he said China's huge market potential for mobile phone games attracted him to start businesses in the country. \"I think it's the best place to do a startup in the world,\" Lalonde said. \"China has the largest market, the fastest growth and the productive people.\" He was attending the launching ceremony of the International Talent Innovation Accelerator (ITIA), a new innovation hub aimed at supporting overseas startups in Beijing. Located in Beijing's Chaoyang District, the ITIA was jointly built by local authorities and the innovation departments of the several foreign embassies in China, including of France, Ireland, Switzerland, Singapore, Australia, and the Netherlands. \"Entrepreneurs all over the world are welcomed in China and the business environment is very vibrant here,\" Lalonde said. Over 500 entrepreneurs and startup owners from all over the world attended the ceremony on Saturday. Besides Lalonde, many other entrepreneurs were also keen to pursue their business ambitions in the Chinese capital. Among them is Jonas Wolf, a 29-year-old German business owner and the China director of Angelhack, an international IT consulting firm. \"It is a great platform to share capital, experience and information,\" Wolf told Xinhua, adding that China's preferential policies are favorable for entrepreneurs to start their businesses. \"I also want to realize my dream here by means of building my own brand,\" said Wolf. The Chinese government is committed to providing support and convenience for global companies to establish businesses in China. Many government-backed programs have helped foreign entrepreneurs to enter the Chinese domestic market. \"Actually, Chinese consumers are getting more sophisticated,\" said Jan Smejkal from the Czech Republic. Smejkal is the China and Asia Pacific director of Startup Grind, a startup community aimed at educating, inspiring and connecting entrepreneurs. \"The spending power of the (Chinese) middle class is really high, which makes the Chinese market quite competitive,\" he added. According to Smejkal, here in China, Startup Grind's main focus is on the innovation sector. Describing China as one of the innovation hubs in Asia, Smejkal said China is now a leader of innovation in the region. \"There are a lot of things happening in terms of innovation and entrepreneurship, providing a model for the other regions in Asia,\" he said.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "China will extend its supervisory system for primary and secondary schools to also cover preschools and kindergartens, a move designed to further monitor and ensure young students' safety, security and educational quality, the Ministry of Education said on Tuesday. The ministry will strengthen its supervision over preschools and kindergartens to deal with high tuitions fees, insufficient access to good public kindergartens and safety issues, He Xiuchao, director of the ministry's Education Supervision Bureau, said at a news conference. Tang Lijun, director of Beijing's educational supervision office, said at the conference that the city will intensify training of kindergarten supervisors sent to kindergartens to ensure preschool pupils' safety. \"Beijing is working on a comprehensive evaluation system over the city's kindergartens, which is expected to be released and implemented in the first half of 2018,\" Tang said. The system will take charge of student admissions as well as the grading and overall quality improvement of the city's kindergartens, he added. In November, reports of children at an RYB Education preschool being poked with needles and maltreated by a 22-year-old female teacher caused a public outcry. \"If such instances of child abuse could happen at high-end education facilities in the most international and developed city in China, what could have happened to the children living in second-tier cities and even in remote areas,\" one netizen wrote on microblog platform Sina Weibo. On Nov 25, the teacher, surnamed Liu, was sent to criminal detention, according to police. The Beijing Municipal Education Commission later sent hundreds of permanent supervisors to the city's kindergartens to inspect their education quality. The supervisors being assigned to each kindergarten had their personal information including names and phone numbers made available to the public. Li Guoqiang, a professor at Xiamen University in Fujian province, said China has seen a surge in the number of its kindergartens and preschools in recent years as the country intensifies efforts to popularize early education. \"Problems are inevitable as lots of these schools are privately owned and lack supervision,\" Li said. Local educational authorities should make the conditions of each kindergarten within their jurisdiction public so that parents have access to more information before sending their children off to school, he added. Efforts have also been made to strengthen supervision of the country's primary and secondary schools. China has more than 120,000 supervisors monitoring every aspect of the country's 260,000 primary and middle schools and 98 percent of these schools are equipped with supervisors, said He. There are 19,500 full-time and 103,800 part-time supervisors, who are mainly school principals, exemplary or retired teachers and parents, he added.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "China's internet powerhouses are striving ahead as pioneers in a government-led reform to shake up the country's bloated State-owned enterprises. The introduction of a host of tech giants as strategic investors in the nation's second largest telecom operator underpins Beijing's hope to overhaul bulky SOEs to shift to better productivity using their expertise and experience, analysts said. The bloc comprises perhaps the most famous names in the technology field, including gaming and social giant Tencent Holdings Ltd, search engine Baidu Inc, e-commerce majors Alibaba Group Holding Ltd and JD.com Inc, all of which are prolific buyers overseas. Martin Lau, president of Tencent, told investors on Wednesday that the move is a \"monumental step\" in China's economic restructuring effort. The company invested 11 billion yuan ($1.65 billion) to claim 5.18 percent of China United Network Communications Group Co Ltd's Shanghai listed arm. Baidu, which accounts for 3.3 percent of the new venture, said in a statement that it is confident about the future of artificial intelligence and how its applications in areas like autonomous driving will fuel new momentum for telecom carriers. The inclusion of China's top-tier tech firms in such a sensitive industry symbolizes Beijing's determination to carry out the reform in a thorough and open manner, said Xue Yongfeng, deputy general manager of the research unit at Beijing-based Analysys. \"Each of these participants is an experienced investor. They know how to bring business synergies and create value in a culturally diverse environment,\" he said. Tencent, Alibaba and Baidu, often known as the country's \"technology trinity\", have altogether spent $112.4 billion in 174 overseas deals since 2012, according to market intelligence group Mergermarket in June. The benefits of investing in China Unicom also include strengthening ties with a company responsible for rolling out the next-generation technology that is essential for keeping customers loyal to their online services, said Peter Liu, research director at IT consultancy Gartner Inc. \"There's clearly a gap between the (tech firms') desires to deploy new technology and the current internet infrastructure,\" Liu said, adding that this is notably holding back developments in the realm of AI and virtual reality. \"Capital injection would help relieve financial burdens for the cellular carrier to push ahead with its 5G deployment, which would in turn benefit internet companies,\" he said. Pursuit of data is also a major motive behind the deal, said Xue from Analysys. Dozens of emerging businesses, from bike rental, smart delivery, to the still-nascent connected healthcare services, all rely on secure and stable mobile connectivity. \"As the internet is so mobile dominated, tech players may need operator-level data to gain full access to people's online behavior and cash in on such information under proper guidance,\" he said.", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "  Hip-hop is finding plenty of enthusiasts in China, who are savoring the power and energy of dance, Chen Nan reports. When Xia Rui was introduced to hip-hop culture as a freshman at Communication University of China in Beijing in 2002, he fell for the dramatically expressive street dancing immediately. By participating in dance communities of other universities, such as Peking University, and watching music videos of Michael Jackson and Madonna, Xia developed an interest in the dance style. \"At that time, few people knew what street dancing was. It was a Western culture thing, popular among university students,\" recalls Xia, now 35, who later founded a hip-hop dance community at the CUC in 2003. \"Our teachers and parents considered it as a bad influence then. But hip-hop dance, which is about skills, creativity and displaying individuality, picked up quickly on campus. We had nearly 1,000 students in the community then.\" Over the past decade, hip-hop dance, which originated in the United States in the 1970s and includes a variety of styles, such as breaking, locking and popping, has taken root in China.,  The first national touring competition of hip-hop dance kicked off on June 3 and will run through December, Xia has announced in his role as deputy-director of the China Hip-Hop Union Committee. That was founded by the Chinese Dancers Association in 2013. The competition will see group and singles sections of each style under hip-hop dance. \"In the following six months, more than 300,000 competitors from 300 cities across the country will participate in the event,\" says Xia. He also notes that teaching materials about hip-hop dance have been published by China Federation of Literary and Art Circles Publishing House in 2015, which enables the dance style to be formal and systemic. \"There's now a vibrant and fast-developing street dancing scene in China,\" Xia adds. \"Like any contemporary art form, street dancing is about using art as a platform to have our voices heard.\" As the dance form is becoming more popular, Xia says he hopes awareness grows.,  \"During the past 10 years, street dance is not a minority taste anymore. It's a culture embraced by young people. The performances of street dances on television shows and in movies helped the dance form quickly spread in China,\" says Feng Shuangbai, president of the China Dancers Association. He says he hopes that \"more highly skilled dancers and choreographers will be discovered via this competition\". Xia, who was born in Xi'an, Shaanxi province and graduated from the CUC with a major of TV and movie directing in 2006, studied further for his master's degree at the same university in 2011 and worked at China Central Television before devoting himself to promoting hip-hop dance in 2013. Since the China Hip-Hop Union Committee was founded, he says, over 30 subcommittees have been launched across China during the past four years. He has just concluded the recording of a variety show, called Dance World, which will be aired by CCTV during the summer vacation and features 80 young Chinese hip-hop dancers. Xia also notes that though hip-hop dance is an imported culture, Chinese dancers have combined it with Chinese culture, including tai chi, martial arts and local operas. Xiao Jie, a hip-hop dancer-choreographer and a native of Chengdu, Sichuan province, is one of the pioneers.,  He collaborated with Peking Opera performer Qiu Jirong on a show, which combined the iconic Peking Opera character Monkey King with street dancing in the Spring Festival gala aired by Beijing Television early this year. \"It was a really fascinating time when I started dancing. I just imitated the dancing steps from music videos. When the music is playing it's automatic for me to move to it,\" Xiao says. With friends who shared the same passion for street dancing, Xiao danced for hours every day. \"Street dancing is a great platform for young people to mingle and communicate. They love street dancing for its own sake,\" he says. Xiao's mother didn't approve of him becoming a hip-hop dancer\u00a3\u00ada culture often considered unhealthy and seen as linked to drugs and crime\u00a3\u00aduntil she realized that he was serious. In 2003, Xiao came to Beijing to study dancing at Capital Normal University for two years. In 2007, when an annual hip-hop dance competition held in the United Kingdom came to China to recruit Chinese candidates, Xiao applied and won first prize, which enabled him to compete in the UK. Now, Xiao has his own studio, teaching and choreographing. He says that only when Chinese dancers present their original street dancing choreography works could they be recognized worldwide.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Government officials, business executives and experts hailed the role of the internet in empowering the digital economy, saying it is pivotal to driving economic and social development. In a forum during the ongoing Fifth World Internet Conference, participants touted the internet as a key driving force for improving people's lives and regarded the conference as a sharing and cooperation platform that helps promote technological innovation and industrial upgrading. Held in Wuzhen of Zhejiang province, the event will last until Friday. \"As today's most innovative and dynamic sector, the internet is profoundly changing people's production and daily lives,\" Zhuang Rongwen, minister of the Cyberspace Administration of China, said on Wednesday. \"Turning the world into a connected global village, the internet is injecting fresh vigor into innovative development.\" According to Zhuang, more efforts are needed to advance fundamental research, make breakthroughs in core technologies, foster the sustainable development of cutting-edge internet technologies, build up the industrial ecosystem, strengthen international cooperation, and build a digital world of mutual trust and governance. Powered by blossoming artificial intelligence, big data, cloud computing and other technologies, China is gradually transforming into a leading global internet powerhouse. Statistics from the China Internet Network Information Center show the rapid growth of the booming internet trend: China's netizen population hit a new high, reaching 802 million by the end of June this year. In 2017, the country's digital economy amounted to 27.2 trillion yuan ($3.9 trillion), ranking No 2 globally and accounting for 32.9 percent of national GDP, according to a recent report released by the Cyberspace Administration of China. The achievement was lauded by Neil Shen, global managing partner of Sequoia Capital, who said: \"There was a time when Chinese startups were imitators and not innovators. Now the times have changed. Buoyed by the booming mobile internet in the last ten years, Chinese internet firms are now at the forefront in terms of innovation and leading business models, extending into more businesses than their foreign counterparts.\",In particular, Shen said Chinese companies have a distinct competitive advantage in terms of talent. \"Embracing the industrial internet, the abundant engineering talent has laid a solid foundation for future innovation and entrepreneurship,\" Shen said. \"Compared with their parent generation, the younger generation has adopted a boarder mindset. Born in the internet era, tech-savvy young people usually have a deeper understanding of the mobile internet.\" Chinese technology titan Xiaomi is one among the growing number of companies that have been reaping the benefits. Founded in 2010, the Beijing-based smartphone vendor reported more than 100 billion yuan in revenues last year. \"The key competitiveness of Xiaomi is striving for an open mind and employing internet technologies to improve the production and services,\" said Lei Jun, chairman and CEO of Xiaomi. Entering more than 80 countries globally, 36 percent of Xiaomi's revenues come from the overseas market, Lei said. With the industrial internet on the horizon, Xiaomi is actively gearing up in the expansion of IoT sector. Currently, Xiaomi has established the world's largest consumer internet of things platform, with more than 115 million smart devices powered by AI. \"It will be much more convenient to use smart hardware products as assistants to connect all the internet of things devices,\" Lei said. \"In the near future, each electronic device may be equipped with the smart voice system. Powered by AI technologies, I believe the whole internet of things will definitely take a big step forward.\" John Chisholm, a member of the Development Committee of the MIT Corporation, said that devices will not only become smarter, but also adopt users' style and personalities. However, as more people enjoy the convenience brought by the internet, security risks remain. Last year, the WannaCry ransomware virus reportedly affected hundreds of thousands of computers in more than 150 countries and regions, including China. The virus wreaked havoc in around 30,000 institutions, such as universities, hospitals and research centers, as well as gas stations. Zhou Hongyi, chairman of the board and CEO of 360 Security Technology Inc, said we are entering the age of \"big security\".,\"After years of development, society and the internet have become extremely close. Today, the internet actually breaks the boundaries between the physical world and the virtual network,\" said Zhou, whose security company is known for its antivirus software. \"So, cybersecurity is not only related to the internet but involves national security, social security, infrastructure security and even personal safety. That is why we are now entering the new big security age,\" he said. Zhou said that cyberattacks and cybercrimes will increase in the future. This will put at risk not only personal details but reams of company data. To combat the threat, a growing army of professionals will have to be recruited. \"Relying on traditional defensive thinking and means can no longer effectively solve security problems. We need to reach a consensus on building a community of shared interests in cyberspace.\" Zhou said.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "The Kyrgyz pavilion at the Beijing Horticulture Expo offers insights into not only the Central Asian country's endemic flora but also its people, Yang Feiyue reports. A deer totem is painted on a yellow gravel road that leads to the Kyrgyz pavilion at the Beijing Horticulture Expo. The pavilion is one of the many that presents the latest achievements in floriculture and farming from more than 100 countries and organizations at the 162-day expo, which kicked off at the foot of the Great Wall in northwest Beijing's Yanqing district on April 29. \"In our culture, a deer symbolizes harmony between people and nature,\" says Azat Erkebaev, a senior official from the Kyrgyz Agriculture Ministry. Two stone sculptures symbolizing the Kyrgyz people's remembrances and tributes to their historical figures stand on both sides of the road, symbolizing the Silk Road that ran from China to Europe through Kyrgyzstan. It's worth noting that Beijing hosted the high-level Second Belt and Road Forum for International Cooperation just before the expo. The Kyrgyz pavilion covers an area of more than 1,000 square meters, including a garden and two rooms built like yurts, which are traditional Kyrgyz tent dwellings.,The picturesque garden hosts over 60 varieties of polychromatic flowers endemic to Kyrgyzstan. The larger yurt presents products from Kyrgyzstan. The smaller one showcases Kyrgyz food and cuisine. \"We tried to include as many Kyrgyz elements as possible in the pavilion's design,\" says Erkebaev, who has been in charge of the pavilion's operations from the beginning. \"The Chinese side has given us a lot of help in transportation and coordination.\" All materials were purchased in, and transported from, Kyrgyzstan. The decorations and their designs were completed by Kyrgyz artists, Erkebaev says. \"We noticed the climate difference between the expo environment and Kyrgyzstan's, and made adjustments in construction and decoration materials,\" he says. The pavilion features environmentally friendly lighting, heat and waterproofing. The country has also brought over 800 products belonging to 17 categories to the expo. Kyrgyzstan hopes to showcase its distinctive organic plateau food and landscapes, Erkebaev says. The country is known for its pristine environment and quality agriculture. It produces honey, breads, mineral water, natural juices and wines. \"It's the first time for Kyrgyzstan to bring so many farm products to China at an expo, and our ultimate purpose is to help local enterprises and farmers bring natural and quality products to the Chinese market,\" Erkebaev says.,\"The expo is a great platform to show our green and organic products before the Chinese people. Our President Sooronbay Jeenbekov, who opened the pavilion, highlighted the importance of the expo for the promotion of Kyrgyz natural goods.\" The pavilion will host more activities to show what the country offers. \"Aug 31 marks our independence day, and we will try to invite our artists to give cultural performances at the expo,\" Erkebaev says. Plans call for a forum promoting bilateral tourism and business ties to be held soon. Erkebaev says the expo has publicized green development, and boosted cultural exchanges and integration among different countries. \"It's of great significance to raise public awareness of ecological protection, urge the public to engage in green lifestyles and educate the next generation,\" he says. The expo's international exhibition area has impressed Erkebaev. \"I've come to better understand various customs and practices through visiting exhibitions of other countries and talking to their people,\" he says. \"More importantly, our Agriculture Ministry and I could learn modern agricultural technology, such as advanced greenhouse systems and water-saving irrigation, which is what Kyrgyzstan needs the most in farming at the moment.\" Erkebaev often tours other pavilions to learn exhibition design to best present his country's agricultural products. Over 10,000 people visited the Kyrgyz pavilion during the recent May Day holiday, Erkebaev says. \"It is the first time for many of those tourists to see our yurt, and they are amazed by the interior layout and decorations,\" Erkebaev says. \"They've also shown great interest in our honey, flour and wine.\" Erkebaev studied at Peking University, starting in 1999, and deeply respects China. \"I hope all exhibitioners and visitors could see a Beijing with a blue sky and more green trees through the expo.\" He also looks forward to the benefits the Belt and Road Initiative will bring to people in the involved countries. ", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "A new type of subway train, which is expected to run between downtown Beijing and the Daxing international airport that is under construction south of the city, will offer passengers a unique experience thanks to cutting-edge technology and design. The train launched its first trial run on Saturday in Beijing, its developer CRRC Qingdao Sifang Co said on Monday. The trains are named after \"Baijing\", or \"White whale\", and each features the world's most advanced fully-automatic driving system that not only allows driverless operation but enables the vehicle to wake up, self-check and go dormant automatically, according to Liu Jiangtao, a senior designer of CRRC Qingdao. \"The system liberates human labor from routines such as daily examinations ... and it also enables the trains to establish arrival times more precisely,\" Liu added. Liu said that each train's structure is made mainly of extruded aluminum with several hollow cavities. This means the train is resistant to air loss, so passengers feel less vibration and hear less noise. Each train is designed to run at a speed of 160 kilometers per hour, and it will take about 20 minutes to get from Caoqiao, one of the subway stations in southern Beijing's Fengtai district, to the new airport, covering 41.3 kilometers. The Beijing Daxing International Airport, at the junction of Beijing's Daxing district and Langfang, a city in neighboring Hebei province, is designed to take pressure off the overcrowded Beijing Capital International Airport in the northeastern suburbs. The trains, as well as Beijing's airport subway line, are expected to go into formal operation with the new airport in September. Liu said the trains' interior design follows aviation standards and is divided into a business-class carriage, six regular carriages and one for luggage, with a maximum passenger capacity of 448. Passengers will feel more comfortable as the size and spacing of seats are wider than in China's Fuxing bullet trains, Liu said. There are also USB charging ports at the seats and luggage racks between carriages. Liu said that the trains are part of a series designed for intercity and metropolitan transportation by CRRC Qingdao, with speeds ranging from 100 to 200 kilometers per hour. This series of trains will also run on several other lines in China that connect a major city to suburban areas or neighboring cities, according to Liu.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "  Misspao mini-gyms with room for one were put into use in Beijing on August 8, National Fitness Day. The mini-gyms,also known as shared gyms, are garnering positive and negative attention among netizens. Each gym contains about five square meters of space and is equipped with a treadmill,a network television and an air conditioning system. Gym users can listen to music, see a film and check emails when running. The cost is 8 yuan ($1.20) for a 40-minute run. So far, seven Misspao mini-gyms have been placed in five Beijing residential. Users must download Misspao's app and register before using the mini-gym. Runners need to make a reservation,scan the QR code to open the shared gym's door, work out and when finished, pay with Alipay. Bi Zhen, Misspao's CEO, said his company's survey showed 95 percent of people need exercise but only 10 percent own a gym membership. So Bi's company decided to bring \"indoor sports\" to communities, offering a mini-gym at their doorsteps to satisfy sports enthusiasts' needs. Some people hold a positive view on this innovation. A woman told Pear Video after exercising, \"I ran for 15 minutes and felt comfortable to run in it with the air conditioning.\" A netizen named Mingxuanruge noted the mini-gym is quite cheaper than a fitness center and it's also safer to work out in one's own neighborhood. A property management officer with the Zhongtaiyaxuan community in Chaoyang district said he's noticed that people in their 20s and 30s, especially women, like to use the shared gyms in the evening. A 39-year-old Zhongtaiyaxuan resident surnamed Han said the two shared gyms in his community are so small that he would feel uncomfortable using it and that he often sees many people getting exercise on the nearby basketball court while the mini-gym remains empty. \"Misspao can only provide runners a treadmill instead of other sorts of sports equipment and it's quite unreasonable to establish a gym without a changing room, a restroom and a shower room,\" Han added. Another resident named Zhang, who is in her 40s, thought this kind of gym may appeal more to younger generations rather than the middle-aged. Apart from Misspao, another shared gym brand, Douba, has offered two shared gyms in Beijing in July. Each including a treadmill or an exercise bicycle, cost about 20,000 yuan ($3,000).  Ge Jia, an internet observer, told Beijing Youth Daily he thinks the mini-gyms won't appeal to people used to the services offered at a full-service gym, such as showers and dressing rooms. \"And it will not work for long due to the lack of fitness programs and the high cost of ground occupation,\" he noted.  ", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Chinese entrepreneurs brought 42 innovative business ideas, covering industries like new materials, energy and artificial intelligence, to a boot camp Tuesday in Beijing before they set out to pitch them Wednesday at Pitch@Palace, a global competition initiated by the Duke of York. They were getting one last training at the camp from a group of mentors consisting of industry leaders, technology experts and former   winners from other countries who shared their personal experiences and presentation advice. The day-long boot camp also included several lessons from different industry speakers. Hu Jianbiao, the well-known host of a popular Chinese debate show named Let's Talk, shared storytelling skills; Hanadi Jabado, an executive director of the entrepreneurship center at Cambridge University, showed how to make the most of this competition and leaders from KPMG offered guidance on tax issues for start-up companies. The Duke of York launched the boot camp at Peking University Tuesday morning with a speech. He said that this competition is \"done in China, for China and with China\" and he would like to help businesses here get access to the global market. \"There's a lot of value in understanding what other cultures do, so we're not only creating that added value to you as business, but also creating this connection that you need in order to be able to be successful,\" he added. Pitch@Palace was founded in 2014 with an aim to boost innovation and entrepreneurship around the world. It entered China last year and provided a platform for participants to meet with industrial leaders from both China and the UK and exchange business resources between the two countries. After several stages of reviews started earlier this year, the competition committee selected 42 final pitches on May 12. The entrepreneurs will need to give these pitches in a three-minute presentation at the semi-final tomorrow, where 12 of them will be selected to enter the final on Friday. The three prize winners also will get the opportunity to fly to the UK and represent China at the global final competition. Shuai Mei, chairman of AI-Robotics company, said this year's competition is seeing more pitches in artificial intelligence and is more international. She was the winner of last year\u00a1\u00afs competition and won second place at the global final for equipment that could help amputees walk again. \"The boot camp this year also was more practical and specific,\" Shuai added. \"We were divided in groups with different specializations, which is more targeted to a specific industry.\" One of the entrepreneurs, Zhou Aixia from Beijing Deepwise Company, who is going to pitch big data medical treatment, said the group has learned many presentation skills, like how to grab an audience's attention and looks forward to the upcoming competition. \"We just want to communicate with more people in the same business and seek more potential partners for our future development. This is more important than winning a prize,\" she added.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Discover the best things to do in Beijing with our weekly roundup of art and exhibitions, music, performances and trending activities around town. To recommend an upcoming event or activity, please contact  The BBC National Orchestra of Wales will tour four Chinese cities starting this weekend. On Saturday and Sunday, the orchestra will perform at the National Center for the Performing Arts, playing the classics of Mikhail Glinka, Tchaikovsky and Shostakovich. Learn more  .,African art inspired artists such as Pablo Picasso and Henry Matisse in the early 20th century. But besides art, the continent has a long and rich legacy of wood carving. Tree of Life, an exhibition at the National Museum of China, features African wood carvings from countries such as Tanzania, Mozambique, Cote d'Ivoire (Ivory Coast) and Benin. Get a sneak peek  .,For artists, love defines life; their romantic encounters often inspire their practice and transform into emotive works. Exhibition   focuses on video art, aiming to examine the definition of intimacy shaped by contemporary visual culture., showcases almost 100 works from the rich, dynamic careers of Anna Fox and Karen Knorr, two leading documentary photographers in the UK. The two photographers have deep insights into current social issues and express their opinions in a humorous and critical way. The exhibition features different series of works, such as photographs discussing problems of social classes, working environments, and self-awareness.,Chinese pianist Chen Sa is one of the most charismatic pianists of her generation. She earned critical acclaim at the Leeds International Piano Competition, playing Chopin and Van Cliburn in her early teens, and then began her professional performing career worldwide with her evocative playing. She has played with many great musicians such, as Gidon Kremer and Natalie Gutman on tour, and appeared at music festivals, including the Schleswig Holstein Festival, the Rurl Piano Festival and Lockenhaus Music Festival. Next week's performance in Beijing features the melodies of French composer Debussy. Learn more  .", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "BEIJING - China encourages exploration and opposes monopoly in developing autonomous driving technologies and products, the country's top transport regulator said Thursday. Failure can be tolerated but safety should be ensured during the development process, Li Xiaopeng, head of the Ministry of Transport (MOT), told a press conference. China attaches much emphasis on related technologies and applications as autonomous driving will help improve transport safety, efficiency, services and industrial development, Li added. Last year, China issued a guideline to regulate road tests of autonomous driving and another on closed testing ground development. Three sites, located in Beijing, Chongqing and Xi'an, have earned an official nod for such testing. Domestic internet and automobile firms have been investing in the frontier field. Tech giant Baidu launched an open platform named Apollo in 2017 to coordinate cross-sector efforts in autonomous driving, which has been granted over 50 licenses for open-road testing of autonomous vehicles in cities like Beijing, Tianjin, Chongqing, Changsha and Baoding. The MOT will work with other departments to strive for national-level policies for guiding the sector's development, Li said. Efforts will also be made to facilitate the development of related rules and laws, promote pilot demonstration sites prudently and boost international cooperation, Li added.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Over the past few days, Fang Zhong, head of the Chinese Academy of Sciences' Institute of Physics, has become something of an online celebrity.  \"I hope you choose physics, and fall in love with it,\" Fang told freshmen at a Beijing high school in August.  The remark was a response to a worrying decline in the love for physics among senior high school students. Among the 290,000 students from Zhejiang province who took this year's gaokao - the annual college entrance exam - only 80,000, or 27.5 percent, picked physics as a prime area of interest. In Shanghai, it was 30 percent. The test is geared toward the subjects a student selects.  Criticized for forcing students to choose between science and liberal arts - requiring them to choose one path or the other - Shanghai and Zhejiang province have been running a revised system. Students can choose any three of six subjects listed, along with compulsory Chinese, math and English. But students consider physics to be difficult and don't want to risk their gaokao score, so they tend not to pick it.  \"Students who are good at science but weak in physics tended to replace it with a humanities subject,\" said a physics teacher surnamed Hou in Zhejiang. \"Those subjects are seen as safer.\"  The situation has raised concerns, especially among educators.  \"Physics is the basis for many other natural sciences,\" said Li Yuwei, a physics teacher at the high school affiliated with Beijing Normal University. \"Those with a physics background who transfer to other majors are more likely to succeed.\"  Xiong Bingqi, vice-president of the 21st Century Education Research Institute, said that students and their parents need to think about quality and personality, not just blindly pursue higher marks.  \"As long as that doesn't change, the new gaokao will be no different from the old gaokao,\" he said.  The Ministry of Education has set new standards on science in primary schools that took effect this semester. The standards stress inspiring children's curiosity and desire for knowledge, while regulating teaching methods.  \"Younger kids are very curious about a lot of things, making it easier to get them interested,\" said Liu Ying, a doctoral supervisor at Peking University.  Still, Xiong Bingqi wants more to be done. He thinks colleges should separate exam results from enrollment.  \"Only then can we make science education an inspiration,\" he said.  Xinhua", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "    In 2012, tons of recyclable wastes were disposed every day in several waste disposal hubs in Beijing's suburbs. People who worked there usually lived in shacks of few square meters in a dirty and stinky environment. Since the 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China in November that year, Beijing has adopted measures to clean these disposal hubs so as to echo the national strategy of enhancing ecological civilization. In 2017, China Daily returned to the villages and compared the current situation with photos taken five years ago. Meadows and lines of seedlings have taken the place of the waste areas. New disposal hubs have been built in planned areas outside Beijing and equipped with new technology and infrastructure that makes recycling more eco-friendly and efficient. With a better environment, the transformation of waste disposal villages will contribute to Beijing's environmental improvement and help get rid of its non-capital functions.  ", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Tongtong, a member of post-1990 generation, has become a live-streaming host together with her mother to expand their family business, seizing the opportunity of merging online with offline business. The business generates 200 million yuan ($29 million) in annual sales, and the duo want to expand it further. As live-streaming becomes popular, they decided to move their brick-and-mortar store online and boost sales on Taobao via online broadcasting. Tongtong's mother first started clothing business in Shanghai back in 2003 and then opened \"Hui Hui Factory\" in Changshu, East China's Jiangsu province, in 2007. After learning performance art in Beijing, Tongtong joined the family business and established her own brand and fashion studio in 2010. Although she is outgoing, Tongtong still felt nervous while live broadcasting but thanks to her mother's extensive experiences in clothing sales, the first live-streaming was successful in early December. With attention from about 50,000 fans, the sales promoted by the show surpassed Tongtong's expectations. Tongtong, who has already achieved financial freedom, considered it another opportunity in life and wanted to seize it to serve the female customers who are choosing clothes for their husband, lovers and children. Tongtong and her mother are typical examples of business transforming in the trend of online merging with offline businesses, thanks to the fast development of e-commerce in the country.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "China's food delivery apps Meituan and Ele.me denied eavesdropping on customers through mobile phone microphones to provide targeted ads, said Beijing Daily on Tuesday. Some media earlier reported that the two food delivery giants can suggest precisely food or restaurants to customers after customers talk about it, which aroused suspicion that the apps were programmed to listen to audio through phone's microphone without permission. Meituan said the app only uses the phone's microphone when the users start speech input, adding it does not do eavesdropping. Ele.me said the app doesn't have such eavesdropping programming and the company doesn't own the related technology to implement it. Any information is collected after the users agree to it, added Ele.me.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "BEIJING -- Beijing Municipal Commission of Commerce said Sunday that new technology such as big data and cloud computing will be applied to ensure food safety in Beijing. The commission said the city is exploring and working with enterprises to set up a food traceability system, so that all stages in the food supply chain can be tracked. The system will cover food production, processing, packaging, delivery and sales. The commission has signed a strategic agreement with Chinese e-commerce giant JD.com to carry out cooperation in food traceability. Some departments have also worked with influential time-honored brands to establish a food traceability system. As of the end of 2017, Beijing's pork and vegetable supply chains had 1,778 and 2,383 traceability points, respectively. The figures will increase to 1,900 and 2,600 in 2018.", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "\"A Sunday without brunch is incomplete,\" said Jarrod Verbiak, head chef of Bistrot B, a French restaurant in a high-end hotel in Beijing. The restaurant's Sunday brunch for families is served at a well-decorated garden terrace. The menu includes Gillardeau oyster, New Zealand cambarus, and Italy's Prosciutto di Parma ham. These are accompanied by wines and cocktails. For those with the sweet tooth, unlimited freshly baked chocolate cake and multi-flavor ice cream are part of the deal. \"With our special menu, we want families and friends enjoy their pleasant weekend here,\" Verbiak said. The Sunday brunch can set one back by 450 yuan ($66). A premium version of the brunch, complete with Alaskan king crab, is priced 1,200 yuan. Jan Stoverink, executive assistant manager of food and beverages at Rosewood Beijing, the hotel that offers the Sunday brunch, said that numerous consumers come to eat at the hotel. \"Approximately 85 percent of the guests come from outside. They are not guests staying in the hotel.\" Asked why people prefer to eat at restaurants in hotels, Stoverink said: \"Hotels not only maintain the features of restaurants like frequent product updates, innovative dishes and operating efficiency, they also use high-quality food materials, hire excellent chefs, maintain strict food safety standards, offer considerate service and present a decent environment. It is hard to maintain all these characteristics at stand-alone restaurants.\" Besides, hotels such as Rosewood Beijing offer personalized service. Consumers can order what is not on the menu. They can even buy a totally customized meal. According to a joint report from the China Cuisine Association and CCTV's financial news channel, the country's catering sales reached 3.96 trillion yuan in 2017, up 10.7 percent year-on-year. The report said consumers are seeking high-quality catering experiences now. When choosing restaurants, they care most about the environment, and then the taste. The price factor only ranks fourth among their considerations. \"Consumers look for high-end consumption environment and experience. They want to eat good food in a pleasant environment, demonstrating upgraded consumption demand,\" said the report. \"Eating at the hotels has gradually become a high-end lifestyle for residents in first-tier cities. More and more city dwellers are willing to come to hotels to have a higher-quality dining experience,\" said Stoverink. Catering in first-tier cities is showing a trend of younger consumers (those born in the 1980s and 1990s) driving the change. \"I often spend over 1,000 yuan per week eating out. Sometimes we go to high-end hotels for a meal. I like the comfortable environment, which makes me feel relaxed,\" said Harry Hu, 25, a media professional in Beijing. Stoverink said the catering sector is expanding rapidly. \"Up to 50 percent of our hotel's revenue comes from food and beverages. The catering consumption in first-tier cities demonstrates diversity and variation, and the consumption scenario is turning concrete and fragmented. With these features, the market potential in first-tier cities is easy to be developed.\" Zhao Ping, director of the international trade research department of the Academy of China Council for the Promotion of International Trade, said: \"Currently, retail sales growth of consumer goods is experiencing a slowdown, as demonstrated by the consumption structure that is shifting from commodity consumption to service consumption. Consumption figures in education, culture, entertainment, sports and tourism all maintained double-digit growth. \"In the first half of this year, food consumption took up only 29.3 percent of residents' expenditure on average, while education, culture and entertainment accounted for 9.2 percent, representing a higher ratio. With people's income going up, they are more willing to buy high-end products, and want to have spiritual satisfaction, rather than crass consumption. This depicts consumption upgrade.\"", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "The China headquarters of Japan's Orix Corporation is not in Beijing or Shanghai but in Dalian, a coastal city in China's northeastern Liaoning province. \"It was the Summer Davos that promoted the cooperation,\" said Lawrence Lin, managing director of Orix (China) Investment Co Ltd. On the basis of effective communications among decision makers, Orix Corp, which boasts more than 2,000 outlets in 36 countries and regions around the world, set up its China branch in the province in December 2009. \"We see great opportunity in China's rapid development,\" Lin commented. Other reasons Orix chose the city were the trustworthiness of its officials, Dalian's stable development, as well as the similar geological environment and cultural background. Soon after its establishment, Orix China became the first institutional investor in Dalian Haichang Group. It is helping introduce capital, both from home and abroad, to boost Haichang's push for nationwide expansion. Haichang Ocean Park Holdings Ltd was listed in Hong Kong in 2013 and became China's biggest ocean park operator and one of the top 10 in the world. The 2017 Summer Davos, or the Annual Meeting of the New Champions, is being held from June 27 to 29 in Dalian. Taking advantage of the event, Dalian, which has alternately hosted the event with Tianjin since 2007, has attracted more foreign investment. \"It opens a window for the world to know Dalian and vice versa,\" said Li Heming, an official with Dalian Foreign Trade and Economic Cooperation Bureau. During the 2017 Summer Davos, Dalian signed contracts with 25 companies from home and abroad. The investment of 17 foreign projects totaled $2.16 billion and the investment of eight domestic-funded projects reached 14.2 billion yuan ($2.09). During the 2015 Summer Davos, Dalian signed cooperative agreements with some corporate participants in the forum. The total investments of all the 13 projects totaled $8.14 billion. By now, two third of the projects have been successfully implemented, including those initiated by Goodyear, Pfizer and Orix, Li said. More than 1,500 politicians, officials, entrepreneurs, scholars, and media representatives from over 90 countries and regions are attending the annual meeting. \"It is a big chance for Dalian to obtain true international exposure and show our investment opportunities,\" she said. Dalian is the most concentrated area of foreign trade and foreign investments in northeastern China. Statistics from the Dalian Foreign Trade and Economic Cooperation Bureau show that currently investors from more than 80 countries and regions have set up 18,600 companies with accumulated foreign capital of over $100 billion in Dalian.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "The longest line of paper aircrafts, a new Guinness World Record, was achieved on Thursday in Beijing. The 14,285 paper aircrafts created a line measuring 3,029.02 meters in length. The project, which was initiated by the China Children and Teenagers' Fund and the Sister Ma Food Company in May, collected paper planes from students of 100 schools in 22 provinces. The final paper planes were selected from the more than 60,000 they received According to the fund, each of the airplanes had the dream of a primary or middle school student written on it, as the project aims to help children get interested in handicrafts and keep them away from electronic devices. This record was also said to be a gift for the 69th anniversary of National Day, which falls on Oct 1 The dreams on the planes include; \"I want to live for myself\", \"I wish to become a superstar\" and \"I wish to spend my next school year happily\". Jin Sihan, a 7-year-old girl from Beijing, said: \"My wish is to get a perfect score on all the tests so my mother could reward me with nine pieces of ice cream.\" \"The work was tougher than what we've imagined,\" said Fu Chuanxue, an officer for CCTF. \"We need to connect these aircrafts end to end to form a serpentine shape. Planes in neighboring lines should be strictly separated,\" he added. As introduced by Fu, some 30 people worked to connect the planes. It took them nearly 20 hours to meet the final standard Marco Frigatti, Global Records senior vice-president of Greater China at Guinness World Records, said: \"There are so many world records in China. Guinness has strong values of integrity, respect, inclusiveness and passion. And we love young people and kids, because they have a lot of creativity and imagination and could help us make a record.\"", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Never in his wildest dreams did Li Wenyan imagine he would enjoy such a magical time to celebrate International Children's Day. Guided by visiting NBA legend Horace Grant, the 11-year-old hoops fan shot baskets through proper rings and nets for the first time in his life. Lack of facilities had previously limited Li to practicing against a wall on a shabby playground at Beijing Mingyuan School, which caters to children of migrant workers. He was among 60 students invited to the NBA Cares charity event on Monday in the capital, where they learned dribbling and shooting alongside Grant as well as playing interactive games with the former league All Star. \"It's a little bit surreal for me,\" said Li, a fourth-grader. \"With an actual NBA star this big teaching us side-by-side, I was so overexcited that I missed a lot of shots. The whole experience feels like a dream come true.\" Under its community outreach program, NBA China has staged over 140 similar events in the league's biggest overseas market. Grant, a four-time NBA champion with the Chicago Bulls (1991-93) and Los Angeles Lakers (2001), said it's inspiring to \"put smiles back on kids' faces\". \"It helps them just escape from what they have back home, to have fun and just get away from that for a few hours. I am pretty sure it's priceless,\" said Grant, who came from a poor family in Sparta, Georgia.,Monday's event was the latest chapter in the NBA's special relationship with China - over three decades since the league first aired game highlights here in 1987. Since then, it has committed to growing basketball here through talent cultivation, youth development and charity as part of its overall effort to make hoops the No 1 sport in the world's most populous nation. According to league figures, 642 million Chinese watched NBA programming over the course of the 2017-2018 season. That's almost double the population of the United States. At last year's NBA Finals between the Golden State Warriors and the Cleveland Cavaliers, China Central Television managed to attract 25 million viewers per game, while the ongoing finals series between the Warriors and the Toronto Raptors this year has already stirred a new wave of passion. The NBA is now the most-followed sports league on Chinese social media, with over 190 million followers on multiple platforms. Despite lacking a Chinese star to fill the void left by the retirement of Hall of Famer Yao Ming in 2011, the league's presence in China has become even stronger - no matter how relations between the two countries change politically or economically. NBA commissioner Adam Silver said his league will always be on the same page as the Chinese Basketball Association in developing the game together. \"This is something Yao and I have discussed, where we can use basketball maybe in the way ping pong was used back in the day, that there could be something called basketball diplomacy. It is an area where our two countries have an excellent history of cooperation,\" Silver said recently, referring to the exchange of table tennis players between China and the United States in the early 1970s that led to a thaw in Sino-US relations. The exchange of talent on the basketball court has become an ever-present element of the NBA's strategy in China.,Since 2004, the league has sent over half of its franchises to play 26 preseason games here, with this year's China Games set to feature the 16-time champion Lakers against the Brooklyn Nets, on Oct 10 in Shanghai and in Shenzhen two days later. Nine Chinese players have played in or been drafted by the NBA since 1987 - the most successful being current CBA president Yao, who was an eight-time All Star with the Houston Rockets. \"I see it as an opportunity to demonstrate to people that through sports there's commonality and we can use the values of sports hopefully as a positive force to continue to bring people together,\" added Silver on the countries' basketball links. With an estimated 300 million people playing the game in China, basketball has transcended sport to become a tool of communication and inspiration, argues Hong Jianping, a researcher with Beijing Sport University. \"Sport is the common ground where two countries can put aside disputes politically and culturally to play under the same rules,\" said Hong. \"Basketball is enjoying mainstream popularity in both countries and is an ideal platform to bring people together and to reach mutual understandings beyond.\" As part of the NBA's partnership with the Ministry of Education launched in 2014, a basketball curriculum, jointly developed by the two sides, was expanded to 4,000 schools and 4 million students in the 2018-19 school year. The curriculum will be expanded to 6 million students across 6,000 schools in the next school year, starting this September. The NBA is also extending a helping hand to China's men's national team, which has accepted an invitation to play in the NBA Summer League from July 5-15 in Las Vegas. The trip is designed to help Team China prepare for this fall's FIBA World Cup on home courts, and mirrors a similar move when the nation's elite hoopsters warmed up for the 2008 Beijing Olympics by playing in the 2007 Summer League. \"Sport is universal and a great way to bridge cultures,\" said NBA China CEO Derek Chang. \"We are supportive of what the CBA and the Ministry of Education are trying to accomplish in growing the game and promoting a healthy lifestyle in China.\"  ", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Enterprises in China did not perform well in environmental information disclosure in 2017, but they made \"a little\" progress compared with the previous year, said an evaluation report released by Beijing University of Chemical Technology on Sunday. Invited by the China Forum of Environmental Journalists, the university surveyed listed companies in stock markets in Shanghai and Shenzhen to evaluate their work in reporting environmental issues in 2017 and received responses from 857 companies. The report said that 85 percent of the companies evaluated got scores of less than 50. A full score is 100. In terms of the disclosure level of different industries, mining, hotels, catering, and transportation ranked at the top in order, while information, public health, scientific research and media were at the bottom. Liu Qingsong, deputy secretary-general of the China Forum of Environmental Journalists, said that the report aimed to improve enterprises' awareness of protecting the environment and encouraging them to publicize their environmental information. \"Listed companies should firmly implement this disclosure system and accept supervision from the public. The system also can help them to improve the quality of the business,\" he said. Liu Xuezhi, a professor of low carbon economy at Beijing University of Chemical Technology who conducted the survey, suggested that to boost the transparency of environmental information, laws and guidelines should be carried out by the government to offer enterprises standards when disclosing its information. \"Enterprises in China should learn from their counterparts abroad, that is besides annual environmental report, to make use of more media channels, such as Weibo, to interact with the public. Also, investors should take the ability of environmental information disclosure into consideration before making the decision,\" she added.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Bamboo varieties from Southwest China's Sichuan province are widely used at the 2019 Beijing International Horticultural Exhibition, according to an official from Meishan in Sichuan. Nearly 20 bamboo landscapes, including mottled bamboo, dwarf bamboo, and black bamboo, will be on display at INBAR Garden in the 2019 Expo to showcase special local elements and help tourists have a better understanding of bamboo culture, said Sun Jian, deputy mayor of Meishan city, at a press conference on Tuesday in Beijing.,The INBAR Garden, covering a total area of 1,200 square meters, is a main pavilion on the east side of the expo site at the foot of the Great Wall in Beijing's Yanqing district. By adopting 5,000 moso bamboos for construction, the garden had reached its highest height of 32 meters, making it the largest bamboo structure in northern China. The pavilion also is known as the Eye of Bamboo due to its unique shape.,Zhu Yujian, director of the Chinese Events Management Department at the International Bamboo and Rattan Organization, said the organization sought cooperation with Meishan to fully use its local elements, especially distinguished culture elements to combine bamboo with handcrafted weaving. Zhu said the eye-catching pavilion includes a special outdoor ecological device to provide more convenience for upcoming visitors in summer. Called the Air Tower, the 7-meter high round construction combines solar energy and wind energy to form a special ventilation layer, which will lower the temperature for tourists, she said. Slated to open on April 29, the 162-day expo will display the latest achievements in floriculture and fruit, as well as vegetable farming worldwide, and is poised to impress an expected 16 million visitors from home and abroad.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "A collection of Liu Yida's Beijing-style novels was promoted at a press conference held in Beijing's Ditan Park on Nov 10. \"Beijing-style novels\" refers to books written in Beijing dialect to describe people and stories in Beijing, reflecting the city's unique culture. According to Liu, Beijing culture mainly includes the culture of the royal family, the scholar-bureaucrats and the ordinary people who usually live in hutongs, Beijing's alleys. \"Among the three kinds of culture, the third one best represents Beijing's characteristics,\" Liu said. Chinese writer Lao She, who wrote a lot about people's lives in four-section rectangular courtyard houses and hutongs, is regarded as a symbolic writer to create Beijing-style novels. Liu, who was born and grew up in Beijing's hutongs, also has enormous affection for Beijing's traditional culture. When he worked as a reporter for Beijing Evening News, he traveled through many hutongs and interviewed 10,000-plus people who lived there. The collection includes Liu's 12 novels which in the eyes of Wang Xunhai, general manager of Beijing Times Chinese Press, \"shows the social changes in Beijing over the past 40 years with vivid characters and legendary stories.\" The creation of these books is also about cultural inheritance. \"With Beijing's urban development, much of its original culture no longer exists. I have the sense of responsibility to record some of the past,\" Liu said.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "British science fiction television show   has released a set of Chinese-style posters recently. The posters were designed by freelance illustrator Feifei Ruan. \"I hope these images will be liked by  fans,\" said Ruan in an interview, adding that posters could inspire people are not familiar with  to watch the show. The illustrations would be part of a huge new launch for   in the Chinese market to celebrate the latest series, with each image designed to resonate with various Chinese locations and cultural elements. \"The selected locations are all either iconic or historic landmarks from the famous cities of China,\" Ruan said. \"Each city has its own culture and history which I pay homage to in my illustrations. The group of posters has picked six representative cities of China - Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou, Chengdu, Wuhan, and Hangzhou. In the latest posters featuring Chinese styles, the unique cultural elements such as Chinese ancient architecture, ink painting, pavilions and tower, the Great Wall, panda are well into integrated with the Tardis, a fictional time machine and spacecraft that appears in the drama and its various spin-offs. Also, Chinese modern buildings like the fascinating skyscraper skyline can also be seen at the posters. The TV drama is a significant part of British popular culture, and has influenced generations of British people. \"I am a loyal fan of the classic British TV series, and the latest posters really impress me, and I think it is a perfect example of combining eastern and western cultural elements together,\" said Zhang Bingxin, 22, student from Beijing Foreign Study University.,The poster features iconic Great Wall in Beijing.The poster features the Hall of Prayer for Good Harvests, the most important part of the Temple of Heaven in Beijing. It is a magnificent triple-gabled circular building, built on three levels of marble stone base, where the Emperor prayed for good harvests. The building is completely wooden, with no nails.The poster features fascinating skyscraper skyline in Shanghai, the country's financial and economic center, including Shanghai Tower, Shanghai World Financial Center, Oriental Pearl Tower and Jin Mao Tower.The poster features bamboo forest and Panda in Chengdu, capital of Southwest China's Sichuan province, an area reputed as the \"Country of Heaven\" and the \"Land of Abundance\".The poster features the breathtaking scenery of West Lake in Hangzhou, capital of East China's Zhejiang province. West Lake has influenced Chinese profound culture and long history for its natural beauty and historic relics, and it has also been among the most important sources of inspiration for Chinese garden designers.The poster features Yellow Crane Tower, crane, a symbol of longevity in China culture, and the Yangtze River in Wuhan, capital of Ventral China's Hubei province. Because Wuhan plays a key role in China's transportation, Wuhan is sometimes referred to as \"the Chicago of China\" by foreigners.The poster featuresthe Canton Tower in Guangzhou, capital of South China's Guangdong province.It is now the second tallest tower and the fourth-tallest freestanding structure in the world.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": ", an exhibition hosted by the governments of Beijing municipality and Northwest China's Qinghai province, opened Thursday at the Capital Museum in Beijing. It will be on display till June 30. On display are 442 cultural relics selected from 13 cultural relics organizations in Qinghai. These antiques possess significant historical, cultural and artistic value, fully showing Qinghai's culture, precious historical and cultural heritage, and distinct regional style. Lectures, literary and artistic performances, publicity and promotional activities will be carried out. The exhibition is composed of six units, highlighting Qinghai as an important part of the Belt and Road Initiative. Each unit is divided into several sections, with cultural relics, pictures and other items to specifically showcase Qinghai. The exhibition is a grand feast of cultural relics. Through the exhibition of these cultural relics, the audience can truly understand Qinghai's splendid and diverse culture and its long history, and the broad and profound traditional culture of China.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "BEIJING -- The main structure of metro line 12, which will run east and west through northern Beijing, will be finished by 2019, the Beijing Municipal Commission of Transport said on Saturday. The line, with a total length of 29.6 kilometers, will have 21 stops, 15 of which are transfer stations, the commission said. About 60 percent of construction work has begun, and the main structure will be finished by the end of 2019, the commission said. The line is expected to become operational in 2021. It will start at Sijiqing Bridge near the west fourth ring road and end in the Dongba area near the east fifth ring road in Chaoyang district. Beijing has taken measures to ease traffic congestion in the city by building subway lines. By the end of 2017, the city's metro system measured 608 kilometers. By the end of 2018, the system will be extended to 630 kilometers. Beijing now has 22 metro lines.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "The prominence of aesthetic education in Beijing greatly expanded when the city's municipal education commission started a program to include institutions of higher education and social organizations in middle and primary students' aesthetic education in 2014. As part of this effort Beijing's 21st Student Art Festival, or the 2018 Exhibition of Educational Achievements in Youth Drama, will be held in the China National Theater for Children from Nov 14 to 29. Nearly 100 students and teachers from 30 schools, including universities, middle and primary schools and kindergartens, will perform onstage at CNTC. The 33 dramas they will bring to the audience reflect teachers' and students' understanding of drama education. Their performance will also provide inspiration for drama educators. During the festival, CNTC will also hold various drama workshops and lectures. Through these activities, it is hoped China's drama education will continue to develop in an orderly way and enable more children to understand and enjoy drama.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "\"Open Door to Art,\" the annual summer art education festival by Beijing's Forbidden City Concert Hall, will kick off on July 5 and run till August 31. In 58 days, the festival will feature 76 performances, including classical music, ballet, acrobatics and traditional Chinese folk music. Meanwhile, the Beijing Symphony Orchestra, led by conductor Tan Lihua, will open the festival. And national art troupes, including the National Peking Opera Company, the National Ballet of China and the Beijing Children's Art Theater will join in the festival. Besides live performances, 10 summer camps and 10 art master classes will be held during the festival. Erhu player Song Fei, who has performed in the festival, will be the artistic director of this year's \"Open Door to Art\" festival. And she will introduce children to the erhu, a traditional Chinese musical instrument. Shan Jixiang, the director of the Palace Museum, Chinese filmmaker Tian Zhuangzhuang and contemporary dancer-choreographer Wang Yabin will be among those giving master classes at the event.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "BEIJING -- China will push for legislation on pre-school education to a provide legal guarantee for the operation and management of such institutions, Vice Minister of Education Tian Xuejun said Thursday.  Tian made the remarks at a press conference organized by the State Council Information Office, with regards to a child abuse case at RYB Education New World Kindergarten in Beijing that received widespread attention last week.  Tian said the ministry was already doing research on the legislation.  \"The ministry will also complete the requirements on qualifications of teachers engaged in pre-school education and is considering formulating a code of ethics for them,\" Tian said.  He also mentioned a plan to step up supervision of kindergartens and solve the problem of insufficient resources for pre-school education.  A female teacher was detained Saturday on suspicion of child abuse at a Beijing kindergarten, according to local police.  Beijing police said the teacher surnamed Liu, 22, was detained on suspicion of child abuse at the RYB Education New World kindergarten in Chaoyang District.  Police said they had not found evidence the children had been sexually molested.  Tian said the case exposed the conflict between public demand for pre-school enrollment and insufficient development of pre-school education.  \"It also showed that some local authorities and kindergartens still have problems of unsound management and failure to implement or fully implement regulations,\" he said.  Since 2010, the gross enrollment rate for the three years of pre-school education rose to 77.4 percent from 50.9 percent, he added. ", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "The average concentration of PM 2.5 \u00a1\u00aa hazardous fine particles \u00a1\u00aa in Beijing reached a record low of 34 micrograms per cubic meter last month, the city's environmental protection authority said. It was the capital's first month in autumn and winter without a single day of severe air pollution since 2013. The concentration was 4 mcg/cu m lower than the previous record low, which occurred in August, the Beijing Environmental Protection Bureau said. The improvement in the air quality is due to government efforts to improve pollution control in Beijing and surrounding regions, as well as favorable meteorological conditions, which caused pollutants to disperse.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Tax payers who have filed their income tax papers themselves or through agents can apply for tax certificate regardless of whether they have actually paid the tax, news site bjnews.com reported on Monday.  It is the latest step by Beijing service center of the State Taxation Administration to heed taxpayers' practical concerns, following the amended individual income tax law that came into effect on Jan 1. The new rules, especially the additional deductions that cover six categories, have reduced the amount of income tax individuals have to pay and eased their burden. The deductions can be claimed through an app specially developed by the tax authority. However, the new threshold of 5,000 yuan ($724) introduced in October, along with the additional deductions, has exempted some taxpayers from paying any income tax, which means there will be no record of declaration on the app. This has worried some taxpayers working in Beijing: As people without local   (permanent household registration) are not allowed to buy a house or car unless they can provide a record that they've paid income tax and social security payments for five consecutive years. A break in tax payment record will definitely affect their ability to access other services. The timely promise of keeping a running record of tax payment from the country's tax authorities will no doubt dispel those taxpayers' concerns while guaranting their benefits from tax deductions. Previously, the tax bureau removed the requirement for tenants to provide information about property owners when applying for a tax deduction against their rental payments. Before the adjustment, tenants had to submit their landlords' personal information to the bureau to claim a 1,000 yuan ($147) exemption every month. In response, landlords said they would either increase the rent to cover the rental income tax or discourage tenants from applying for tax deduction. According to the Beijing municipal tax bureau, the comprehensive tax rate for rental has been reduced to 2.5 percent from the previous 5 percent, including individual income tax and house property tax. ", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Kjell Espmark, former chairman of the Nobel Committee for Literature and life member of the Swedish Academy, made his ninth trip to China and shared his insights on the Nobel Prize with audiences in Beijing. Together with Ning Yizhong, professor of Beijing Language and Culture University, Monica Lauritzen, Espmark's wife and an accomplished biographer, Wang Gan, chief editor of Selected Stories, Espmark discussed the nomination process of Nobel Prize, principles of the Nobel Committee as well as the role of translation during the appraisal. Established in 1901, the Nobel Prize in Literature is deemed as the most prestigious award in the literature domain. But how the Nobel laureates are chosen? What are the historical ties between the Nobel Prize and Chinese writers, for instance, Lu Xun, Shen Congwen and Mo Yan? Let's watch and find out. Host & Guest: Ning Yizhong Guests: Kjell Espmark, Monica Lauritzen, Wang Gan Camera: Cong Ruiting, Sun Wei, Qiao Yuhao Sound recording: Wang Yinuo Studio director: Lin Hanqing Editing: Yu Xiaoou Subtitles: Lan Yun (Intern) Executive Producer: Feng Minghui Special acknowledgement to Chinese Culture Translation & Studies Support Network", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "One of China's finest oil painters has made her first foray into virtual-reality art, a digital debut that has proved to be as painstaking as it was rewarding. Deng Zhangyu reports. The darkness is broken by a sharp light. All of a sudden, a newborn baby is brought into the world, kicking and screaming. The doctor holds the baby in her arms, walking toward a set of scales. Everyone in the delivery room\u00a3\u00adthe mother lying on the bed, the doctors in attendance and the infant herself\u00a3\u00adcan be viewed from every angle, just as in the real world. However, these are not actual three-dimensional characters\u00a3\u00adthey have been meticulously painted in oil, and yet can only be viewed in virtual reality. This is the first scene in artist Yu Hong's virtual-reality work She's Already Gone, which is being exhibited at Beijing's Faurschou Foundation gallery, in what is reportedly the first hand-painted virtual reality work in the world. In it, the Beijing-based artist paints four scenes depicting the four stages of life, from birth to burial. \"Virtual reality allows viewers to immerse themselves in an imaginary world, something that literature, film and traditional painting have been trying to achieve for a long time,\" says Yu, 52, at her studio in Beijing. With imagery, sound and music, the eight-minute VR artwork provides the viewer with an immersive experience that bears witness to the four phases of a woman's life, set in different eras of time: a newborn baby in the 1990s; a girl looking out of her bedroom window in the 1970s; a woman from the Ming Dynasty (1368-1644) unfolding the cloth that had bound her feet since childhood; and a priestess singing at a funeral ritual in the Neolithic era, nearly 5,000 years ago. Viewers can walk into each of the individually created rooms and view the work from whatever angle they choose. It took Yu almost a year to finish the work. She had to plan and paint countless details to create each character, from their faces and skin down to locks of their hair. She had to complete more than 60 individual oil paintings to finish the artwork.,Working closely with a virtual-reality art company based in Denmark, she was in constant touch with the tech team in Copenhagen, emailing them on a daily basis. As she painted, she scanned the images and sent them to the team to \"put clothes on the naked virtual figures. \"I did my best to push the boundaries of my imagination. It's difficult to transform oil paintings into three-dimensional works,\" Yu says of her yearlong collaboration with Khora Contemporary, the Danish team specializing in virtual-reality art. At the opening ceremony on Jan 6, many of Yu's artist friends came to experience the work, and they seemed impressed. Oil painter Su Xinping says he could feel the pain when he watched the woman from the Ming Dynasty remove the strips of cloth binding her feet. He also expressed an interest in making a VR artwork. Yu says her peers from the art world were impressed by the visual interaction of the work, and described the future trend of combining art with technology as both inevitable and unpredictable. She described the Beijing art space showing her work as a \"hospital with many cubicles housing people wearing headsets\" and a totally different experience from traditional exhibition halls with art pieces mounted on the walls. \"I don't know how art will be presented in the future. But I do know that art gives cold tech a warm hue,\" Yu says. In She's Already Gone, Yu focuses on women and explores their social status and experiences, a recurring topic for the artist, who is one of the most important oil painters in China. \"The priestess in the Neolithic era enjoyed the highest social class in a matriarchal society,\" Yu says. The three other scenes reflect Yu's own life experiences: Her grandmother was forced to bind her feet from childhood; the girl sitting on a windowsill watching a parade was Yu at the age of 6 in 1972 during the \"cultural revolution\" (1966-76); and the opening scene depicts her giving birth to her daughter in the 1990s.,One of the artist's own paintings appears on the wall in the second scene of the work, which depicts Yu's childhood. The work is part of her ongoing Witness to Growth series, an annual biographical series where she produces a self-portrait and pairs it with an image from a news article recording a key event that year. Another work from the series depicting the year of 1992 was exhibited at the Guggenheim Museum's Art and China after 1989: Theater of the World. In the 1992 painting, Yu is seen cutting her hair in a portrait taken from her movie The Days, the debut by filmmaker Wang Xiaoshuai. Yu and her husband, Liu Xiaodong, who's also a famous oil painter, played the lead roles as an artist couple in the movie. \"Every year, I paint a work to record my life, often just to document common things or interesting moments that I think deserve to be remembered,\" explains Yu. Yu gained fame early on. When she was still a freshman at the Central Academy of Fine Arts, one of her sketches was selected as a painting for an educational art book aimed at teenagers. After graduation, she became an art teacher at the academy, where she still works. Painting has become an important part in Yu's life\u00a3\u00adone she regards as a refuge from the rapidly evolving technological world outside. And while her first foray into virtual reality has proved to be an interesting experience, it's unlikely she will pursue the emerging technology as her career. Oil painting is, after all, her life's work. 10 am-6 pm, through Feb 3. Faurschou Foundation, 798 art zone, 2 Jiuxianqiao Road, Chaoyang district, Beijing. 010-5978-9316.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "A constant temperature of 27 degrees, a water bowl that never freezes, a comfy mat, and no dogs allowed. Those are the amenities for felines in a neighborhood in Beijing's Shunyi district, where stray cats can loll around contentedly all winter, nibbling food and sipping water, safe from the weather and provided with love through an artificial intelligence platform. It is purrfection. Wan Xi, an engineer at Baidu Brain\u00a3\u00adthe open AI platform of Baidu\u00a3\u00adhad the idea of building a smart shelter for strays when he found a kitten huddled on his car tire in the winter of 2017. Winter is rough for stray animals, as they require extra calories to stay warm. Only around 40 percent of stray cats find enough food and shelter to make it through the harsh temperatures. Although volunteers offer water, food and even heating pads to stray animals, Beijing's freezing winters can turn a bowl of water into ice before a cat can drink. Many stray cats don't live more than two years. Those that are not neutered or spayed face more health problems and spawn more homeless cats. Chinese netizens have dubbed Wan Xi\u00a3\u00adhe doesn't give his real name\u00a3\u00ad\"the most hardcore cat lover\" for building the AI cat shelter. The wooden box, 165 centimeters tall, is cozy with a small entry. Inside is a multilevel cat den with a scratching post, plush resting places, dangling toys and hideaways. The access control system features AI facial recognition technology. A high-definition camera on top can identify 174 kinds of cats and let them enter or exit as they wish. It has night vision to let in any ginger toms or gray tabbies wandering by at night. The camera can check cats for four common feline diseases, including inflammation of the mouth and gums, skin problems and trauma. It can identify a neutered cat by spotting its ear tag within 300 milliseconds. Once a sick or non-neutered cat is identified, volunteers get an alert on their cellphones and come to help. Wan said the facial recognition system was developed on Baidu's EasyDL platform, a no-code tool that helps users build customized machine learning models. The system was \"trained\" with thousands of images of cat faces. The temperature inside the smart cattery is maintained at 27 degrees, at which cats feel most comfortable and relaxed. It also has a ventilation system that monitors the air inside in real time. Wan said stray cats in the neighborhood are more nervous at first and just wander around curiously. After one brave mongrel made the first visit, others followed. Stray cats are often emotionally sensitive, so the door will not close the minute a cat enters. The animal will have time to get used to the cattery without being jittery. Seven or eight cats come to rest in the shelter every day. Wan hopes more smart shelters will be set up in the neighborhood. The development of artificial intelligence is helping Beijing's dogs, too. At the suggestion of the local government, AI startup Megvii developed a dog facial recognition system to help reunite owners with lost pets. Just as humans can be identified by their unique fingerprints, dogs can be identified by their distinctive noses. Xie Yinan, vice-president of Megvii, said the company has built a dog nose-print database with 1 million images to train the machine-learning model, and the system is expected to help improve the stray dog problem in the city. It is estimated that the population of stray animals in Beijing surpassed 1 million back in 2005. Homeless animals lead to public health problems, but poisoning and shooting them has sparked debate about humane animal control methods. Everyone has their own way to communicate with the world, said Wan. \"I believe that technology can make the world a warmer and better place.\" Xinhua", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "BEIJING -- Beijing's sub-center, which will sit in the east of the capital, aims to accommodate 1.3 million permanent residents by 2035, according to a detailed plan published Thursday. The city sub-center will cover 155 square kilometers and be extended to the whole area of the current Tongzhou District, which totals about 906 square kilometers, according to the plan for the sub-center's development for 2016 to 2035, approved by the Communist Party of China Central Committee and the State Council. The population density will be 9,000 residents per square kilometer at most so as to maintain a comfortable living environment, the document said. The plan pledged that the sub-center will be \"an urban area without urban ills,\" which will build an eco-friendly transport system focusing on public transport, adopt measures to control air, water and soil pollution, and develop strict management of water resources and intelligent urban management systems. \"The sub-center will not develop real estate projects on a large scale,\" the document said, adding that the market will play a decisive role in resource allocation. The plan also outlined the functions of the sub-center, measures for cultural development and coordinated development with surrounding areas in neighboring Hebei Province. Beijing is shifting some of its administrative functions out of the city center into Tongzhou to help address problems including traffic congestion and air pollution. The move is also part of the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei integrated development plan. Beijing municipal government agencies have been moving their offices to Tongzhou since the end of 2017.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": ", aminiature version of the city with landmarks such as the Great Wall, done with 3D-models, projection mappings and holograms and over 6,000 miniature mannequin from all walks of life, with vivid facial expressions,will open in early September, showcasing the city's history and culture since the Yuan Dynasty (1271-1368). Visitors to the display, located on the historical Qianmen Street, can also enjoyinteractive experiences, where two persons can compete using two miniature horses. The display, owned by the United Kingdom-based Merlin Entertainments plc, is the second Little Big City project, besides the one in Berlin, Germany, which opened last summer.,\"The attraction mainly targets families. And children can learn about Beijing's social customs, culture and history in an interactive way,\" says Wang Rui, the general manager of Little Big City Beijing. She says guests have to observe carefully to identify miniature mannequins, such as Emperor Qianlong in Qing Dynasty (1644-1911) and poet Xu Zhimo (1897-1931). \"We also try to make it fun. And Among different scenes, you will see mischievous monkeys on the street, children riding pigs and two persons quarreling. \"", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "BEIJING - Beijing has started building a Bus Rapid Transit (BRT) line connecting the downtown area with its new government center in the eastern suburbs of the city, Beijing Public Transport said Tuesday. The 26.2-km BRT line has 16 stops and runs from the currently under construction Maquan station near the southeast second ring road to Tongzhou District, where a new government center is under construction. The BRT line will include bus lanes, overpasses and underground tunnels, according to Beijing Public Transport. As part of the capital's efforts to address congestion and pollution, the Beijing municipal government agencies have been moving their offices out of the downtown area to Tongzhou since the end of 2017.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "This year people will be able to use one card for public transportation in 260 cities at prefecture level and above, including Beijing, Wu Chungeng, spokesman for the Ministry of Transport, said on Tuesday, China News Service has reported. The transport card has been introduced in 245 cities so far and will come into operation in a further 15 by the end of the year, the report said. Only transport cards with China T-union's sign can be used in different cities. Passengers with local transport cards can change to China T-union cards by local policy. As the city of Beijing is upgrading and debugging its China T-union card system, its bus system temporarily only supports transport cards of 50 cities, while its urban rail transit system only supports 188 cities' transport cards, according to the report. To increase convenience and improve the quality of service, the Ministry of Transport last year introduced a regulation on service-quality management on the China T-union card system. This aimed to solve the problems of using China T-union cards in different cities, insufficient branches for card recharges and returns, and poor service. The integration of the transport card in urban and rural areas in China is expected to be realized by 2020, the report said. Achieving the integration of the transport card in 260 cities is one of the 12 practical works close to people's lives that the Ministry of Transport plans to carry out this year, according to the report.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Editor's notes: Beijing will become the first city to host both Summer and Winter Olympics. Beijing 2022 can set a new benchmark for a sustainable Olympic Games, on the one hand benefiting from the legacy of the Beijing 2008 Olympic Games and on the other developing a new winter sports destination in a sustainable way. Beijing 2022 will use 26 competition and non-competition venues in three zones: downtown Beijing, the northwestern Yanqing district and co-host Zhangjiakou in North China's Hebei province, connected by a new high-speed railway to be completed by the end of 2019. In the downtown zone, where all the ice-based sports will be held, 11 of 13 venues were used during the 2008 Summer Olympics. The Water Cube, or the National Aquatic Center, a key legacy of the Beijing 2008 Summer Olympics, will be turned into a competition arena for curling during the 2022 Games. The National Aquatics Center will be repurposed from Water Cube to Ice Cube with a transferable rink. Renovations are expected to start at the Water Cube by the end of this year. \"It will take us about one month to complete the water-to-ice transformation, which will involve more than 20 specific steps,\" said Yang Qiyong, general manager of the National Aquatics Center Co. After the Olympics, the curling tracks will be preserved as an Olympic legacy and open to the public.,Ice hockey will be held in a converted arena in Wukesong that was used for the basketball competition in 2008. As early as the initial construction of Wukesong Arena, ice hockey competition has been listed as one of the arena's future development directions. Ice pipes were embedded in the floor when the arena was constructed. During the basketball competition, the rink was covered by a thick ice carapace to insulate the cold and new flooring was installed for basketball. The transition work can be finished in 8 hours. The Wukesong Arena is not only used for basketball and ice hockey competition, but also as a stadium for concerts.,The National Stadium is known as the Bird's Nest and will host the opening and closing ceremonies of Beijing 2022. The reuse of ready-made facilities to optimize savings in venue operation is expected to significantly cut the cost for Beijing. \"There is absolutely no doubt about Beijing 2022 being cost-effective,\" said Christophe Dubi, the IOC's executive director for Olympic Games. According to Beijing's candidature file submitted to the IOC in 2015, the combined infrastructure and operational budgets for the 2022 Games total about $3.5 billion - significantly less than the cost of staging a Summer Olympics.,Sitting in the Olympic Forest Park next to the Beijing 2008 tennis facility, the National Speed Skating Oval, dubbed the \"Ice Ribbon\", began construction last April, with its main structure scheduled for completion this September, and is expected to be completed by the end of 2019. The oval will cover 80,000 square meters and hold a capacity of 12,000 people. The oval will stage speed skating races at Beijing 2022. Twenty-two separate light strands (or ribbons) flow up and around the oval, representing the speed and trail of this sport. At night, the facade will create an exciting spectacle, with each of the strands becoming dynamic ribbons of light, able to change to an endless array of lighting programs. Its 12,000-square-meter ice-covered areas will enable it to become the largest skating facility in Asia. The new speed skating oval will be able to serve amateur skaters in all seasons after 2022 with a 10,000-square-meter public rink, also a fitting addition to the architectural legacy of the Olympics.,Big air snowboarding a new event added to the Pyeongchang Winter Games, also will be included in the 2022 Games. A main structure of the big air facility in Beijing, standing 60 meters high and 160 meters long, will be built at the Shougang Industrial Park, which evolved from a former steel mill closed down in 2008 ahead of the Beijing Summer Olympics. Construction on the project will begin in the second half of this year. Against the backdrop of an industrial tower, Shijing Mountain and Yongding River, the big air snowboarding venue will become another Olympic landmark building in Beijing. After the Games, the facility can still be used for competitions and training. It can also serve to promote ice and snow sports open to the public, which reflect the concept of sustainability and injects vigor into the region's development.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Taiwan singer-songwriter Yoga Lin's says that his latest single   is inspired by his experience of becoming a father. On Aug 3, Lin's wife, singer-actress Kiki Ding, gave birth to their son and the news was announced on his Sina Weibo account which has more than 11 million followers. On Aug 5, Lin released Flame In the Brook in cooperation with the Beijing I Hear U Charity Fund and Chinese music streaming service Net-Ease Cloud Music. Each song download costs 3 yuan ($44 cents), and the money raised is donated to the charity fund. More than 1.2 million yuan has been raised so far. Established in 2012, Beijing I Hear U Charity Fund offers help to hearing-impaired children by providing free cochlear implants and training the parents of hearing-impaired children. As of January 2018, 466 hearing-impaired children have received cochlear implant surgery. \"I have changed a lot since becoming a father, especially the way I see the world and my connection with children,\" said the 31-year-old when he held a mini concert in Beijing on Aug 29. The concert, which was also held in Shanghai on Aug 31, was part of the fundraising project. \"I am a lucky father because my son is healthy. But not all the families are lucky. I want to raise money for hearing-impaired children who with cochlear implants may recover from their hearing loss,\" adds Lin. The singer-songwriter rose to fame after winning Taiwan's reality TV singing competition One Million Star in 2007. He has released six studio albums and garnered a large fan base in Asia. Lin says that there are many things he loves about his musical career, and one of his favorite parts is the messages he delivers through his music. \"People will tell me how much they are influenced by my music and I hope this song, Flame In the Brook, will function the same way,\" he says. Yao Xuesong, a television host on China Central Television and the charity fund's co-initiator, says this is the first time the charity fund has raised money through music. \"With celebrity power, we want more people to join us,\" Yao says. Ding Bo, vice president of NetEase Cloud Music, shares the same sentiment. \"As music lovers, we appreciate a good song and the emotions being expressed through sound, but many children don't have that luxury to enjoy music because they cannot hear, which is why we have launched this charity with the hope of making a difference,\" Ding says.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "BEIJING - A Beijing district court said Sunday the British Broadcasting Company had filed a lawsuit against a Chinese company for using its name to promote an English learning app. The trademark infringement lawsuit, announced by a Haidian district court, accused iYuba, a Beijing-based language learning firm, of using BBC's trademark and content on its apps, websites and social media without any authorization. The BBC is seeking 500,000 yuan ($78,950) in compensation and asked the company to cease infringing on its trademark registered in China. The BBC claimed that it had sent letters to ask iYuba to remove its brand name from content and messages, and the Chinese company has yet to respond. According to the court notice, the BBC has registered nearly 400 trademarks in China since the 1980s, 60 of which contain \"BBC.\" Established in 2012, the Beijing-based company aims to build an online platform for people to learn English.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Beijing plans to launch the second phase of its sub-center construction in the northeastern Tongzhou district and build a comprehensive transportation hub, after key municipal organs moved to its new offices in the sub-center, a senior official said on Monday. The capital aimed to construct and design a high quality and eco-friendly city sub-center, said Chen Jining, mayor of Beijing, during the opening ceremony of the second session of the 15th Beijing People\u00a1\u00afs Congress. \u00a1\u00b0The landscape project will be thoroughly carried out in Tongzhou district to establish a better canal business zone,\u00a1\u00b1 he said. He added a number of public service projects, including the sub-center theater, libraries and museums, will start construction and the old town in Tongzhou district will conduct ecological restoration to better protect its environment and complete urban repairs. Border areas of the capital and Langfang, a city in neighboring Hebei province, will also be strengthened to better promote coordinated development in the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region. The overall construction of the sub-center is steadily progressing, said Tan Xuxiang, director of the city\u00a1\u00afs reform and development commission. \u00a1\u00b0We are working on 235 major projects in 2019, with 136 under construction,\u00a1\u00b1 he said. \u00a1\u00b0A total of 75 billion yuan had completed investment.\u00a1\u00b1 Zhao Lei, director of the Tongzhou district and also a deputy to the congress, said the district had completed 19 projects this year and the green space as well as waters of the sub-center will be substantially increased to achieve harmonic coexistence for water and urban areas. By 2035, the green space in the city\u00a1\u00afs sub-center will reach 41 square kilometers, with forest coverage rate achieving 100 percent. A system to control water pollution and ensure safety through flood control facilities is also expected to be established in the city\u00a1\u00afs sub-center.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "BEIJING - About 200 homestays will be ready to receive global visitors to Beijing's Yanqing District, where an international expo will be held from April to October. The International Horticultural Exhibition 2019 will begin in late April, and authorities in the district are preparing a batch of \"middle- and high-end\" homestays to boost its hosting ability, said Zheng Aijuan, with Yanqing's tourism commission. \"So far we have built 124 such homestays,\" Zheng said, adding that these homestays are mostly built in rural houses, which exude \"a sense of nature and simplicity.\" Homestays in the district have seen a rising number of tourists, particularly on weekends, thanks to events like the expo and the 2022 Winter Olympics, Zheng said. Besides the homestays, many star hotels are also under construction, Zheng added.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "SHANGHAI - Hyatt Hotels Corp and Beijing-based BTG Hotels (Group) Co Ltd announced Tuesday that affiliates of Hyatt, and Homeinns Hotel Group of BTG Hotels, had entered a strategic partnership to set up a joint venture and create a new hospitality brand. The joint venture has a total investment of 500 million yuan ($74.8 million) and a registered capital of 180 million yuan, with Homeinns and Hyatt holding 51 percent and 49 percent stakes respectively. The brand, to be named later, aims to meet the demand of a growing number of young travelers in the upper- and mid-scale segment in China, according to Hyatt. \"The combination of Hyatt's expertise in premium hospitality with our local insight and vast network will ensure our collaboration will create opportunities and benefits for Chinese travelers as well as the overall hospitality industry,\" said David Sun, chief executive officer of Homeinns Hotel Group. \"This collaboration is expected to provide Hyatt with deep China insights, build brand awareness and grow loyalty with a new set of travelers,\" said Stephen Ho, president for Greater China, Global Operations with Hyatt. The joint venture is expected to unveil hotels under the new brand across cities such as Shanghai, Beijing, Guangzhou and Shenzhen in the next five years. The brand will be managed independently. BTG Homeinns Hotels Group operates one of China's largest and fastest growing economy hotel chains, with about 3,900 hotels in more than 400 cities. It has about 600 mid-scale hotels across China.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "GUIYANG - Ten years after US tech giant Apple Inc launched its App Store, the number of Chinese developers tops 2.2 million, and they have become a leading force in app development, said Apple's China chief. \"Chinese app developers are leading the world in terms of app downloads and revenue, and have grown to be a very admirable community of innovators,\" Isabel Ge Mahe (Ge Yue), Apple's vice-president and managing director of Greater China, told Xinhua on the sidelines of the China International Big Data Industry Expo 2019 that opened in Southwest China's Guiyang, Guizhou province, on Sunday. \"Through Apple's App Store, their products have entered the global stage and many of them have become successful cases internationally.\" She cited the global success of short video sharing app TikTok, also known as Douyin in China, and the apps developed by China's Palace Museum, as examples of China's innovative ability. TikTok has 75 language versions and is liked by users from over 150 countries and regions, while the 11 apps developed by the Palace Museum have been downloaded by over 5 million users across the world. She said Apple's China team had taken a series of steps to encourage home-grown apps to go global, and used its experience and resources to help promote them to the global market. \"In the area of mobile internet, China has become a spotlight of the world,\" Ge said. \"We are proud to make our contributions to China in this digital age and work with Chinese partners for innovative development in the industry.\" Apple has launched four R&D centers in the Chinese cities of Beijing, Shenzhen, Shanghai, and Suzhou, employing a total of over 1,000 people dedicated to innovation in hardware, software and services, Ge said. The Apple China chief also hailed the smooth progress of the construction of Apple's first China data center in Guiyang, adding that Apple had received tremendous support from the local government in the project. Jointly built by Apple and Guizhou-Cloud Big Data Company, the Guizhou facility, with a budget of $1 billion, began construction in March. It will be Apple's third after the data centers in the United States and Denmark. From Feb 28 last year, Apple's iCloud services on the Chinese mainland started to be operated by Guizhou-Cloud Big Data Company, a move Ge said helped provide better services for Chinese Apple users. She reiterated Apple's long-time commitment in protecting users' privacy and data security. \"There is absolutely no so-called backdoor in Apple products,\" said Ge. \"Protecting privacy is our top priority in designing Apple products and services.\" Apple has also been an active promoter of using digital technology in bridging the gap in educational resources and aiding China's fight against poverty, according to Ge. In 2018, Apple launched a program to provide digitalized pre-school and vocational education to students in less developed areas in China, with a donation of 25 million yuan ($3.7 million) to the China Development Research Foundation. \"We firmly believe that education is the best way to improve people's livelihoods and tackle inequalities in development,\" Ge said.", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "Zhejiang province's Wuzhen water town has been gaining global acclaim as a hub for technological innovation that's pushing internet development into the future - but its periphery is also increasing its profile as a rural destination hailing to the old days. Shanghai resident Cheng Jingru says she was struck by photos of rape-flower fields, tree houses and gardens brimming with vegetables when she was skimming the official website of Wucun, a village to the east of the town's Xizha scenic area. \"The photos reminded me of growing up in the countryside,\" she says. Nostalgia enticed her to book an all-inclusive package at a resort in the village. The itinerary includes working in the fields, feeding the livestock and strolling along country roads while enjoying local snacks. \"I want my 7-year-old son to experience the farming life his mother grew up with about two decades ago,\" the 36-year-old says. The resort-like attraction that developed in the natural village, Hongqiao, on the ancient Grand Canal that connects Beijing to the provincial capital, Hangzhou, opened as a tourism destination in early 2016. Villagers had relocated from their old-style houses to modern apartments that the local government had built near the main entrance of the settlement. \"We've preserved and restored these old buildings,\" 29-year-old village chief Li Yuan says. They've been converted into guesthouses according to seven themes, including granary, mill and fishermen's home, he says. \"Visitors can engage in agricultural practices according to the themes,\" Li explains. \"For instance, they can learn how to make tofu in guesthouses with the mill theme.\" Farmers in straw hats work the land year-round, ploughing, fertilizing and harvesting golden rice paddies. \"We want to become a tranquil village where people can see how farmers work and join them,\" he says. \"Urbanites can eat fresh vegetables they've picked or fish they've caught themselves.\" They can also use the Wuzhen Travel app to find scenic spots, entertainment facilities, stores, restaurants and even bathrooms. The destination has proved particularly popular among families. Wucun hosts over 180 rooms that accommodate 150,000 visitors a year, Li says. A large hall with a conical roof has been built on the water and will be used as an art center for staging cultural performances. The resort has boosted employment, especially among elderly residents who haven't migrated like 65-year-old Lu Yinbao. She can conveniently commute between the village and her apartment, she says. And she has a stable income, unlike in the past, when it depended on harvests that varied from year to year. \"I used to work the land before Hongqiao village turned into Wucun,\" she says. \"I'm still doing what I used to do here. But I'm earning 20,000 yuan ($2,900) a year now.\"", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "BEIJING -- Affected by \"adverse atmospheric diffusion conditions,\" heavily polluted weather is like to haunt the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei area and its surrounding regions in the next 10 days, an official forecast said Saturday. Beijing, in particular, will see a drastic change in air quality, with moderate or serious pollution to come from Dec 19 to 22. The arrival of northernly winds will help improve the city's air quality starting from Dec 23. Air pollution in the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region will gradually ease around Dec 24 thanks to a cold air effect, said the Ministry of Ecology and Environment in an air quality report for the rest of December. In the Yangtze River Delta, air quality is expected to stay good or slightly polluted, while in Fenhe and Weihe river basin in Shanxi and Shaanxi provinces, the chances of lasting serious air pollution are slim. In the next 10 days, air quality in northeastern China will be about average. The central and western part of Liaoning however might suffer from moderate or serious air pollution on Saturday, with PM 2.5 being the primary pollutant. The pollution process will gradually ease from Sunday to Monday thanks to good atmospheric diffusion. Air pollution of various degrees is also likely to appear in southern, southwest and northwest China.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "BEIJING -- Beijing will launch three rail lines, including a driverless subway, on Saturday, the municipal transport commission announced Friday. Located in Beijing's southwest suburbs, the Yanfang Line is China's first fully domestically developed automated subway. It has nine stations on its 14.4-km main line, linking the areas of Yanshan and Fangshan. The line is expected to carry 70,000 passengers daily. Also to start operating Saturday is the 10.2-km Line S1, Beijing's first medium-low speed maglev line. It connects the western suburban districts of Mentougou and Shijingshan. The third is the 9-km West Suburb Line connecting tourist spots such as the Summer Palace and the Fragrant Hills in northwest Beijing. After the launch, Beijing will have 22 metro rail lines spanning 608 km.", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "Beijing's transportation watchdog has threatened to revoke the business licenses of retailers found selling electric bikes that break the government-set speed and weight restrictions. High-speed and oversized e-bikes have become a \"severe threat\" to public safety, according to a Beijing Daily report that cited sources with the capital's Transport Commission. China has banned e-bikes that can travel over 25 kilometers per hour, while the maximum designed weight allowed is 55 kilograms. However, many of the 4 million e-bikes on Beijing's roads are above the acceptable standards, the authority said. To tackle the problem, the capital \u00a1\u00aa which has about 1,000 e-bike retailers \u00a1\u00aa is to introduce tough measures to punish rule breakers. Starting July 1, those found selling oversized bikes or helping customers to illegally modify vehicles will be stripped of their business license. Substandard bikes and malfunctioning charging units can also cause fires, the city fire department was cited as saying in the report.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Classes at a center for autistic children in Beijing have been suspended after surveillance footage showed teachers physically abusing the students. Two teachers at the Senxi Education center in Changping district have been fired due to \"grave errors\" and another are expected to follow after the police finish their investigation, the person in charge of the center, surnamed Han, told the Beijing News. Footage from classroom surveillance cameras was made public last week at the request of parents after they found bruises on their children's bodies, according to the report.  The video shows one teacher forcing a child to squat by pressing a hand on the child's head and another teacher dragging a child around using a rope. After watching the footage, parents reported the matter to the police and classes were suspended. According to Senxi's website, it is a research institute that applies brain science research in its education practices for autistic children. The center enrolls children aged 2 to 6 with impaired perception and coordination abilities.  A teacher at the school told Beijing News that 10 of the 41 students have been removed from classes since the footage was released. Han said the center would reflect on existing problems.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Andrew Quake has been appointed CEO of the Asia-Pacific operations at John Paul, a loyalty solutions service provider that was acquired by AccorHotels in November 2016. ONYX Hospitality Group has appointed Mariefe Barce as general manager of Shama Changfeng Shanghai and Shama Hongqiao Shanghai, both scheduled to open in the second half of 2018. Vincent Fan has been appointed director of food and beverage at Crowne Plaza Beijing Wangfujing. Fan has 16 years of extensive hotel food and beverage working experience, including 12 years in management. V-Continent Beijing Parkview Wuzhou Hotel will host its 15th Oktoberfest, an annual German beer festival, at its 600-square-meter Garden Club House from Aug 22 to 25. Customers will enjoy a traditional German-style buffet at the price of 468 yuan ($68.7) per person, which will include pork knuckle, sausages, potato salad, roast suckling pig, beer and soft drinks. Renowned German band Sakrisch Guat has been invited to perform. The hotel said it will provide a discount for group bookings. Yongjiuwang Sichuan Restaurant, located on the sixth floor of Wanda Vista Beijing, opened on July 25, with Wen Xiaojie, general manager of the hotel, Wang Shiyi, daughter of Yongjiuwang brand founder Wang Yongjiu, and Jan-Willem Hoes, assistant director of food and beverage, cutting the ribbon at the inauguration ceremony. The restaurant will serve traditional Sichuan cuisine.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "  The first EU-China Literary Festival was held in Beijing on Tuesday. By inviting 28 award-winning authors from the European Union and China, the festival sets out to promote cultural exchanges between the two sides and give insights into the lives, works, and unique character of their literary traditions. As an integral part of the two-year-long Experience Europe initiative, a series of literary events will be held in Beijing and Chengdu, capital of Southwest Chuina's Sichuan province. Topics, such as literary ways and means, the writers' lives, diversity of writing forms and literary media in the digital age will be discussed among writers and between writers and book readers. The event provides Chinese audiences with a valuable opportunity to witness how diversity plays into story formation and how the interplay of two cultures produces even more richness and complexity in these authors' works. \"The eight prominent European authors selected to represent their countries at this historic event hail from Austria, Belgium, Croatia, Greece, Italy, Lithuania, Luxembourg, and Slovakia, and we are proud to be joined by some wonderful writers from all across China. In both Beijing and Chengdu, the festival will involve a series of literary events and discussions where authors can exchange ideas, engage with readers and audiences, and celebrate the diversity of European and Chinese culture,\" EU Ambassador to China Hans Dietmar Schweisgut said.   \"Over the coming 18 months, the second and third EU-China Literary Festival will be arranged with a view to welcoming authors from all the EU member states to China, and to connecting with Chinese authors and audiences in different regions of the country,\" the ambassador added. Lu Min, winner of prestigious awards, including the Zhuang Zhongwen Literary Award and the People's Literary Award, and one of the Chinese authors participating in the festival's activities, shared her thoughts. \"Writing to me, it requires more than solitude, yet writers need to blend and to be stirred. I am very much looking forward to meeting the eight authors visiting from Europe, for in the face of a complex and fascinating world we have a common view finder: literature,\" Lu said. Belgian writer and actress Isabelle Wery, who is the winner of the European Union Prize for Literature, said, \"Europe and China have two different literary worlds. If authors can come together to discuss not just how to write books, but how books are going to be written in the future, I am really excited to hear what the Chinese writers have to say.\" \"I like travelling in my life. During each journey, I can find new inspirations for my life and my work, and I like to share my experience in the journey with Chinese readers in the coming events,\" Wery added.   Other literary talents at the event included A Yi, a Chinese short story author and winner of People's Literature Short Stories' award for   and Paolo Colagrande, author of  one of the top 10 Italian novels at the Festival du Roman of Cuneo-Chambery. A special highlight is an online contest launched by the European Union Delegation prior to the Festival, where curious readers submitted their questions to the authors. With Lu Min as judge, two winners were selected to attend the launch reception of the 2017 Literary Festival and to chat with their favorite authors in person. ", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Joe Sinicki would have mistaken Carrie Feyerabend for a Chinese performer, had he not watched her presentation of the Peking Opera classic, The Heavenly Maid Scatters Blossoms, at a recent show at the State University of New York in Buffalo. \"She did pretty well. If I didn't see her, I would have thought she was maybe a Chinese girl,\" says Sinicki, who is a fan of Peking Opera. \"It was cool. I liked it. It was very abstract. There's a lot of symbolism,\" says Sinicki, who was enthralled by Feyerabend's dance with shuixiu, literally meaning \"water sleeves\", one of the most skillful stunts in Peking Opera. Shuixiu refers to the extra-long dancing sleeves attached to the cuffs of a costume, which are used to perform various movements. There are hundreds of gesticulations in shuixiu dancing such as quivering, throwing and wagging. Feyerabend is an American artist from the Confucius Institute of Chinese Opera at Binghamton University who joined her Chinese counterparts in the show, Amazing Chinese Opera, which was held during the university's International Education Week in November, an annual initiative to celebrate and promote international education and exchange. Founded in 2009, the institute is the first such place in the United States to offer Chinese opera lessons through cooperation with the National Academy of Chinese Theater Arts in Beijing, while supplying tools and support for teaching Chinese language and culture. Regular shows Brought up in Skaneateles, a small town in New York state, Feyerabend studied Peking Opera in Beijing and now serves as an assistant to the director of the Confucius Institute at BU and is the only US member of its eight-person troupe. \"I enjoy playing that role,\" says the 26-year-old, who's the Peking Opera performer, anchorwoman and artistic director of each show. \"I like being behind the stage and helping people make sure that they have a good performance. I'm just so proud of the work that they do. It's fun to watch. Every single time they make it look effortless.\" Apart from the onstage work, Feyerabend helps in designing the troupe's repertoire, including Peking Opera acts, Chinese folk songs and traditional music such as guzheng (Chinese zither) and dizi (flute). The troupe has staged nearly 100 performances in more than 30 US states since 2009. In order to better entertain local audiences, Feyerabend and her colleagues look to develop a good mix of music and Peking Opera, and give variations of different scenes from opera plays while making an individual act no longer than 10 minutes. Feyerabend has been working at the institute for more than three years. A large part of her job is preparation work to ensure that all is set for the troupe to perform across the country.,\"It's an administrative role, so there's a lot of paperwork that goes on behind the scenes,\" she says. \"Being able to help out backstage logistically is really great when everything flows and goes right.\" Myth unveiled \"CICO is the one and only Confucius Institute named for Peking Opera among its counterparts in the US,\" says CICO director Chen Zuyan. \"Our courses are fully integrated into the university's academic system.\" All of CICO's courses are offered for college credits. Such courses cover Chinese culture, Peking Opera, Chinese musical instruments and Chinese opera stage combat. Justina Baez, a biology sophomore who chose the Peking Opera face painting course, says she was \"caught off guard\" the moment her Monkey King mask painting was complete. \"I was like, 'Oh my God!' My face just transformed. How did that happen?\" Baez says with a laugh. \"It definitely takes you into another culture and I think that's really cool. Being able to embrace a culture that's not really yours through face painting-I really like it.\" The significance of such classes, Feyerabend believes, lies in the fact that \"they can fuel passion and also help mutual understanding develop\". CICO also holds outreach events throughout the year at large shopping malls and schools in other states, including Peking Opera shows, interactive workshops and exhibitions. In a recent exhibition CICO held at a local high school in the state of Montana, where they interacted with a group of theater students, they extended the event from one hour to two. The feedback of the local students impressed Feyerabend. Some students told her they would share the new skills with their parents. \"So it's a good way to inter-generationally share the culture and a more organic way than just sitting in a classroom.\" Resources beyond Despite her major in Spanish at BU, Feyerabend chose to learn Chinese, because, as she put it, \"it was a difficult language\" and she wanted to challenge herself. Standing out for her excellence, CICO picked Feyerabend to participate in Chinese Bridge, or the Chinese Proficiency Competition for Foreign College Students, three times, from which she obtained two opportunities to study in China. The second time she participated in it was in the beginner's round in her sophomore year, and she won first place and gained the opportunity to go to China to study Peking Opera at the National Academy of Chinese Theater Arts in Beijing for a semester. \"I could feel myself growing both in my speaking and in my stage presence,\" she says. Later, she won the senior-level round in the US, then went to compete in Changsha, capital of Central China's Hunan province, to finally win a Confucius Institute scholarship, through which she ended up studying at Xiamen University in East China's Fujian province. According to Feyerabend, learning Chinese culture has not only facilitated her interactions with Chinese people, but also helped her connect with people from all over the world. \"It's definitely an interesting point of conversation, especially with Chinese co-workers and people that I've met,\" she says. \"I personally try to live by the guideline that you can't judge a book by its cover. You never know what's lying underneath. \"The only way to know is to have conversations with people, get to know their story and get to know their background.\"", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Scholars look at how the country's relations with foreign cultures have evolved over the past four decades. A group of scholars recently discussed the cultural exchanges that have taken place in Beijing over the past 40 years' reform and opening-up. The scholars of social sciences and the humanities were participating in the academic dialogue Retrospect, Connection and Innovation, held at the Beijing Foreign Studies University. Beijing replaced Xi'an, once the capital of imperial China in Shaanxi province, to be the cultural center of China during the Yuan dynasty (1271-1368), according to Ouyang Zhesheng, a history professor at Peking University. And since then Beijing has become an international metropolis, Ouyang says. \"Over the past 40 years, we have been driven by a need to introduce the essence of Western culture, hoping to go global,\" Ouyang says. \"But now China and the West have moved to a new stage marked by dialogues and run-ins.\" American sinologist Roger T. Ames, an expert on Chinese philosophy, sees changes in Chinese culture now that China has gone through changes in its politics and its economy. In Ames' view, the core of Chinese philosophy lies in humanity and a growing number of the younger generation in China are seeking their future in traditional cultural connotations. \"Confucianism cannot resolve all the challenges we are facing. However, it should have its place and voice,\" says Ames, who will be giving lectures on Taoism at the Free University of Berlin for a month from mid-January. Ames sees value in the mutually beneficial thinking rooted in traditional Chinese culture, which in the words of his former graduate student, Tian Chenshan, currently the director of the center for East-West relations at BFSU, is undervalued in individualistic ideology. Chinese culture takes human relations, rather than \"self\", as the priority, says Tian. \"We should keep our own culture in mind in the first place, and then cultivate cultural composure and be critical in order to better learn from other cultures,\" Tian says.,Applying Ames' comparative philosophy method, he thinks that people should look at the cultural roots of each other when trying to understand another culture as well as frequent frictions. Yang Xusheng, the director of the Center for World Religious and Global Ethics at Peking University, says Emperor Kangxi (1662-1722) was an iconic figure in the eyes of the French enlightenment thinkers during the 18th century, though there was a cultural misreading. Yang, in the 1990s, studied with Hans Kung, or Kong Hansi in Chinese, a Swiss philosopher and theologian, who is focused on diverse religious traditions and seeking a consent that can be considered as a basic value for human beings today and in the future. According to Yang, Kung found the appropriate expression of the value in Confucianism. And Yang says spiritual and cultural exchanges are essential in the future and require open dialogue and mutual learning. Michele Ferrero, an Italian Latinist at BFSU, not only teaches Latin, but also takes his students to some churches in Beijing to help them gain a more comprehensive picture of Latin culture. Every summer, he also takes students to visit Rome.,Though not many people learn and use Latin these days, a number of Chinese students realize it is the key to Western history, science, philosophy and religious studies. \"The Chinese value history,\" says Ferrero. However, he recognizes the cultural differences between Italy and China and stresses it's difficult to define an \"Italian culture\". So, be careful, but relax and be tolerant, says Ferrero. David Bartosch, German philosopher and a professor at the School of International Relations and Diplomacy at BFSU, has for years been observing politics and diplomacy, especially China's relationship with Europe, using a philosophical perspective. He sees the Belt and Road Initiative as an inevitable result of the development of Eurasian civilizations and says that in turn Beijing should and will be more international with the progress of BRI. Bartosch calls for detailed and deeper thinking of further policies of reform and opening-up. And he says he hopes that German thinkers will participate. Zhang Xiping, the director of the BFSU Academy of Comparative Civilizations and Intercultural Communication, says the presence of sinologists like Ames shows that Chinese culture is global and that more academic discussions are needed to promote research on it. Since 2008, Zhang has devoted himself to studying and publishing documents on East-West cultural exchanges in the Ming (1368-1644) and Qing (1644-1911) dynasties that are housed at the Vatican Library and were mainly written by missionaries of the time. Zhang says he recently got to know that there is a large number of documents on China in Lyon, France, and wants more support to collect and study them.", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "A film director uses a unique way to keep up the traditions of the ethnic Mongolian way of life. June is a special month for Chinese film director Uragshaa (Wuershan) because he celebrates four birthdays, for his father, his two sons and himself. So, Uragshaa decided to mark birthdays differently. Instead of spending money on food and drinks, he has started a project called Nomad Relays along with musician Ilchi, anthropologist Uradyn E. Bulag and contemporary artist Chyanga. The nonprofit project features academic lectures, film screenings, art exhibitions and live music performances to present the charms of nomadic culture, exploring its contemporary significance and reflecting on its future. The project took off on June 30 at Chaoyang Park in Beijing. And the park site, named Mongol Camp, had dozens of Mongolian-style tents. During the one-day event, about 300 people attended a lecture titled Nomadism as Method by Bulag, watched a documentary, titled Shaman's Ladder directed by filmmaker Agtachin Zorigt, and viewed a contemporary art work, titled All Thing, by artist Chyanga, besides enjoying music performances by bands including Tuvan group Huun-Huur-Tu, Beijing-based Hanggai and Mongolism. \"Urbanization has changed the way Mongolian people live. Nomadic herding is disappearing. So, given the circumstances, what is nomadic culture now?\" says Uragshaa, who was born in Hohhot, the capital of the Inner Mongolia autonomous region, to ethnic Mongolian parents. \"With this project, we want to combine different art forms, and provide the audience with information and perspectives on nomadic culture. It's also a chance for me to observe, reflect and learn about my roots.\",Uragshaa, 46, moved to Beijing with his family in 1976 when he was 4 years old. But his family still maintains the typical lifestyle of the Mongolian people, such as drinking Mongolian milk tea and eating mutton. Uragshaa became interested in Mongolian culture after reading Japanese writer Yasushi Inoue's novel, The Blue Wolf, which is about the life of Genghis Khan. And the film director has also used Mongolian ethnic music elements, including the morin khuur (the horse-head fiddle) and khoomei (a traditional throat-singing technique of Mongolia and Tova) in his film productions, including the record-breaking film, The Painted Skin: The Resurrection, and the fantasy adventure blockbuster Mojin: The Lost Legend, which won the Best Visual Effects Award at the Taiwan Golden Horse Film Festival. Currently, he is working on the Fengshen Triology, which will be followed by another film based on a Mongolian ethnic group. As for why he launched the Nomad Relays project, he says that it goes back to 2013 when he read an article written by anthropologist Bulag of the University of Cambridge, Department of Social Anthropology about the relationship between nomadic culture and the contemporary world, the spirit of nomadic culture and its future. Later, he contacted Bulag and when he decided to launch the project, the London-based professor joined in. Bulag, 53, explains his involvement in the project, saying: \"Now, we are all nomads in the age of globalization. We travel and move from one place to another. \"Many people long for their lost nomadic heritage, but it's hard to define nomadic culture now. So we have launched this project to share our ideas with people from different cultural backgrounds.\" Hanggai singer Ilchi, who is also part of the project, met Uragshaa about 20 years ago in Beijing at a live house when Ilchi performed there with his early rap-metal band T9. Ilchi moved to Beijing when he was 12 years old and in 2004, he co-founded the band Hanggai with ethnic Mongolian musicians, including the morin khuur (horse-head fiddle) player, Batubagan, and vocalist-guitarist Yalalt. Hanggai, the Mongolian term for a place with beautiful pastures, mountains and rivers, is known for combining Mongolian folk music with modern styles. And they have appeared on the international stage, including the Fuji Rock and WOMAD (World of Music, Arts and Dance) festivals. In 2010, they launched their own world music festival in Beijing. Giving his take on the project, Ilchi says: \"I grew up on the grasslands and I lived a nomadic lifestyle before I moved to the big city at 12. \"So, what we want to express is the musical influence we got from our ethnic background, which makes us unique. \"The spiritual strength of our culture is important to us. We feel we have a responsibility to continue promoting and updating it.\" Contact the writer at chennan@chinadaily.com.cn", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "  Chinese e-commerce giants Alibaba and JD.com are set to play a big role in the country's drive to alleviate and eliminate poverty in the coming years. China is pressed for time to lift all people out of poverty by 2020, which is when the central government has pledged to finish building a moderately prosperous society in all respects. Poor rural logistics is a root problem that has led to poverty in areas in Shaanxi and Gansu provinces, according to Liu Qiangdong, president of JD.com. \"A lot of high quality produce from rural areas have no price competitiveness when transported to cities like Beijing and Shanghai because of high logistics costs,\" Liu said while addressing the Internet-driven Poverty-alleviation Forum, at the 4th World Internet Conference underway in Wuzhen, Zhejiang province on Dec 3. In a bid to solve the problem, JD.com has been actively building a logistics network to cover the whole country for the past 10 years. By the year-end, logistics centers run by the company are expected to reach 500, to reach all 600,000 villages in China. JD.com is also dedicated to exploring cutting-edge technology solutions such as automated warehouses and unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) to cut logistics costs and increase efficiency in rural areas. Liu revealed that JD.com is building two large drone delivery systems in Shaanxi and Sichuan provinces. In Sichuan, a total of 185 drone airports will be established, enabling the transportation of goods from mountainous villages in the province to any part of the country within 24 hours, according to Liu. Alibaba, on the other hand, is also devoting great efforts to purge poverty. Just a few days ago, the company set up a special fund to promote prosperity in China's rural areas. In the next five years, Alibaba will invest 10 billion yuan ($1.5 billion) to explore multiple ways to fight against poverty using internet technologies. Ant Financial Services Group, an affiliate company of Alibaba, has provided unsecured loan services to more than 2 million rural startups, said Jing Xiandong, the company's chief executive officer. In addition to business loans, Ant Financial also offers free online medical insurance for impoverished families to prevent them from being devastated by high medical costs if a family member becomes critically ill. Illness and its related costs are a major cause of poverty among China's rural population. As of the end of 2016, about 40 percent of impoverished people in rural areas suffer from some form of illness, statistics from the National Health and Family Planning Commission show. \"The service allows these families to insure and claim for compensation online,\" Jing said, adding that more than 350,000 rural people have been insured to date. He also mentioned Alibaba's other plans to tackle poverty, including subsidizing college students in poor areas and planting trees where desertification hinders local economic development. JD.com and Alibaba are not only the ones working against poverty, other domestic e-commerce companies such as Vipshop and Yigo have rolled out specific plans to promote the national poverty alleviation campaign, with more expected to join in the future. China lifted 12.4 million rural residents out of poverty last year. There are still 43.3 million people living below the poverty line with an average annual income less than 2,300 yuan ($340), according to the National Bureau of Statistics.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "The retreat from a potential trade war between China and the United States is beneficial for both countries and global economic development, said China\u00a1\u00afs Ambassador to the UK Liu Xiaoming in London on Monday. Liu was addressing more than 100 representatives from the business, politics and academic sectors at the London-based think tank Asia House. \u00a1\u00b0For China, this outcome is in the interest of achieving high quality economic development, and meeting the growing consumption needs of the Chinese people. For the US, this outcome will cut trade deficit, support growth and employment,\u00a1\u00b1 he said. His remarks came after two days of \u00a1\u00b0positive, pragmatic, constructive and fruitful\u00a1\u00b1 talks in Washington between the Chinese and US government representatives, led by China\u00a1\u00afs Vice-Premier Liu He, and US Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, which concluded on Friday. In a joint statement on Saturday, the two countries agreed to take measures to reduce the US trade deficit in goods, with China significantly increasing purchases of US goods and services, which will help support growth and employment in the US. These agreements put a stop to the previously threatened trade war, which began earlier this year with US President Donald Trump threatening to impose tariffs on up to $150 billion on Chinese goods, and China threatening equal retaliation. Central to the bilateral tension is the existence of US\u00a1\u00afs $335 billion annual trade deficit with Beijing. Trump has also previously accused China of infringing US intellectual property, such as technology and copyright. Liu said that while the dangers of a trade war have abated for now, the events of the past few months deserve deeper reflection. He gave China\u00a1\u00afs trading partners several suggestions for the development of win-win trade relations, for future consideration. Firstly, Liu said it is important to stop being suspicious about China and see the country\u00a1\u00afs development in an objective way. In particular, he stressed that China is still a developing country with its own problems and challenges. However, it is committed to pressing ahead with reform and opening up, processes that will provide many opportunities for its partners internationally. This year marks the 40th anniversary of China\u00a1\u00afs reform and opening up, which began in 1978. In the four decades since then, China has become the world's second-largest economy and the largest contributor to world growth. \u00a1\u00b0China will continue to open up. As soon as major measures are being implemented, this will bring more opportunities with the world,\u00a1\u00b1 Liu said. Elsewhere in his speech, Liu stressed the importance of deepening the results of win-win collaboration, urging the US to treat Chinese products equally and fairly so that both countries can exercise their respective strengths to achieve mutual benefits. He also stressed the importance of following international rules rather than domestic laws in international trade, and urged the international community to recognize China\u00a1\u00afs real progress in intellectual property protection over the years.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "A new railway operating plan starting from April 10 has increased the country's passenger and freight train capacity, according the national railway operator. Under the new plan, Fuxing bullet trains will operate between Beijing and Qingdao in East China's Shandong province, cutting travel time between the two cities to within 3 hours, 49 minutes less than before. The running time of high-speed trains between Beijing and Lanzhou, capital of Northwest China's Gansu province, will also shorten to about 7.5 hours, compared to more than 8 hours previously. Lanzhou and Chengdu, capital of Southwest China's Sichuan province, will be connected by bullet trains for the first time, with the travel time to decrease to about 6 hours and 50 minutes, about 5 hours less than before. To better facilitate the development of Xiongan New Area, 10 more trains will stop atBaiyangdian Station in Hebei province. In addition, 1,203 pairs of normal-speed trains are now operating nationwide, with 81 pairs of public welfare slow trains continuing to operate, to meet the diverse needs of passengers.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Beijing is leaning on its Olympic experience in inviting artists worldwide to design mascots for the 2022 Winter Games during the 10th anniversary celebration of its hosting of the 2008 Summer Games on Wednesday. Despite heavy winds and rain, thousands of sports enthusiasts took part in group exercises at Beijing's Olympic Park to mark the anniversary. With 2,022 physical fitness participants in attendance, Cai Qi, president of the Beijing 2022 Winter Olympics organizing committee, launched a global competition for designs of the official mascots of the winter sports extravaganza, inviting graphic artists from around the world to help visualize new images for the 2022 event. The Beijing 2022 organizing committee will keep online submissions open until Oct 31 for any individuals or companies interested. Winning bids are expected to be announced in the second half of 2019 after evaluation, modification and public review. \"We trust that you will produce fun mascots to fascinate people around the globe, and that they can be great examples for winter sports in particular,\" said Thomas Bach, president of the International Olympic Committee, via a video message. Brad Copeland, an IOC adviser, encouraged 2022 Winter Games mascot designers to challenge their imaginations as much as possible. \"I would say be wide open, avoid cliches and be your creative best,\" he said. Beijing has stepped up its preparations for the Winter Games with all 26 venues, including 11 existing ones from the 2008 Games, to be ready by the end of 2019. There is also a national campaign underway to involve 300 million people in winter sports activities before the 2022 Games. The anniversary celebration on Wednesday also marked China's 10th National Fitness Day, which is also considered an intangible Olympic legacy to inspire more and more Chinese to embrace sports and regular exercise as a lifestyle choice. The National Stadium, better known as the Bird's Nest, will host the opening and closing ceremonies of the 2022 Winter Olympics. Meanwhile, the National Aquatics Center, also known as the Water Cube, will be transformed to stage curling competitions in 2022. About 3,500 mass fitness activities and grassroots sporting events will be held at major public venues across the country, involving more than 90 million sports enthusiasts through Sunday, according to the General Administration of Sport of China. \"Today's celebration reminds us of the great success of 2008, which left an extraordinary legacy for China and Beijing,\" Bach said. \"Today, it is also an opportunity to look ahead to China's next Olympic chapter. Building on the legacy of 2008, the 2022 Winter Olympics will renew the Olympic spirit in China.\"", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "On the heels of the sci-fi blockbuster actor Huang Bo is returning to his familiar zone to join a new sci-fi flick. His new film,  is one of the four features that the rising studio Beijing Culture recently announced during the 22nd Shanghai International Film Festival. As one of the most successful domestic studios in recent years, Beijing Culture is known for producing  and  the top and second highest-grossing films of all time in China. Aside from Huang, the film also casts A-list actresses Wang Luodan and Tan Zhuo. As the directorial debut of renowned scriptwriter Dong Runnian, the movie is sort of a dark noir to explore humanity in extreme situations. A huge bunch of weird light falls onto a city, causing the disappearance a lot of people. Amid fears and sorrows, the surviving civilians are trying to unravel the mystery as well as facing off new conflicts.,The other three films of Beijing Culture's lineup are Taiwan director Lin Yu-hsien's  Lu Chuan's new directorial adventure tale  and director Ding Sheng's action drama  Starring Jin Chunhua and Ai Lun, the inspirational comedy  is about a dancer who falls into a coma after an accident. She wakes up 15 years later, finding herself gaining a lot of weights, making her wish to return to stage a tough journey. now traveling across China to hold promotional events in nine cities, will be officially released on July 26.,, based on director Lu's early working experience in a special military bureau to investigate paranormal incidents, is co-financed by Beijing Culture, Huayi Brothers Media and Tencent Pictures. Marking as director Ding's latest action flick after   is about a team of Chinese special forces which cracks down a drug-producing base.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "  For many years, Huang Sizhou, a lawyer in Shenzhen, in the southern province of Guangdong, frequently traveled to Beijing in the north of the country to attend appeal hearings at the Supreme People's Court (the country's top legal chamber). Sometimes, he spent days away from his family.  Now, Huang's traveling days are over. \"The Supreme People's Court has established a circuit court in Guangdong, which means I can help clients resolve disputes and have face-to-face talks with judges from the top court without leaving my hometown,\" said Huang, who specializes in civil and commercial cases.  The first two circuit courts were opened in 2015 to enforce judicial reforms, improve efficiency and provide litigants with better legal services.  The First Circuit Court, in Shenzhen, is responsible for cases from the provinces of Guangdong and Hainan, and the Guangxi Zhuang autonomous region, while the Second Circuit Court, in Shenyang, capital of Liaoning province, oversees disputes in the northeastern provinces of Liaoning, Jilin and Heilongjiang.  As branches of the country's top legal tribunal, the two courts are further reinforcing the rule of law, which has been promoted by the central leadership since 2014.  Statistics published in March show that in the past two years, the two branches shared 4,721 cases, 4,573 of which had been concluded. Before the circuit courts were established, those cases would have been added to the work of the Supreme People's Court in Beijing.  The success of the move resulted in four more circuit courts being established at the end of last year: in Zhengzhou, Henan province; Nanjing, Jiangsu province; Chongqing municipality; and Xi'an, Shaanxi province.  \"It means the top court's arms have extended across the country,\" said Xu Jiaxin, director of the Supreme People's Court's political department.  He added that the new courts aim to further narrow the gap between the top court and the public by helping to resolve disputes without people having to travel to Beijing: \"They are also the key to unifying standards for case hearings to ensure litigants receive considered, high-quality verdicts, and improving court efficiency.\"  One of Huang's clients in Jiangxi province wanted his case to be heard at the circuit court in Shenzhen rather than Beijing, but that wasn't possible because his hometown is not within its jurisdiction.  Things changed on Dec 28. \"His dream came true because the Third Circuit Court was established in Nanjing to hear cases from Jiangsu, Zhejiang, Fujian, Jiangxi and Shanghai,\" Huang said.  On the same day, the Fourth Circuit Court was established in Zhengzhou, Henan province, covering cases in the provinces of Henan, Shanxi, Hubei and Anhui. On Dec 29, the fifth and sixth branches were opened in Chongqing and Xian respectively to oversee cases in the country's southwestern and northwestern regions.  Meanwhile, the First Circuit Court will soon begin accepting cases from Hunan, and the Supreme People's Court is now responsible for hearing lawsuits from Beijing, Hebei province, Tianjin municipality and the Inner Mongolia autonomous region.  \"The situation that the top court's power diminishes in the country's distant corners has been alleviated, because the new branches mean people nationwide now have easy access to the top court to lodge appeals or report disputes,\" Xu said.  Now every region - central, northeast, northwest, southeast and southwest - has a circuit court. The four latest branches boast improved legal resources and the cities in which they are located are now regarded as regional centers, he added.  \"We stretched our arms out to the western regions because legal services are in great demand as now the country is promoting the Belt and Road Initiative,\" he said. \"Chongqing and Xi'an are relatively developed and have excellent legal facilities, so we selected them as branch locations.\"  The Yangtze River Delta in East China is a good example of the new system. \"We've seen a boom in new types of cases. That required us to clarify the related judicial documents and provide unified verdicts in a timely manner, so we chose Nanjing, the closest major center, as the location for the circuit court,\" Xu added.  For central provinces, such as Henan, which have the largest populations and the highest number of appeals against judgments, \"the Fourth Circuit Court in Zhengzhou can satisfy the needs of litigants and nip conflict in the bud\", he said.  According to Huang, because judges from the top court visit litigants' home districts to resolve disputes, the legal process has become smoother. \"We can also provide legal opinions for the circuit court in person. In the past, it was difficult to meet judges from the highest chamber, let alone communicate with them, but now face-to-face talks are a reality.\"  Since it was established, the circuit court in Shenzhen has regularly invited legal specialists, lawyers and law professors to visit and interact with local legal officials.  \"That happened at least three times last year. It allows the judges to analyze new judicial interpretations on our behalf and allows us to share questions which may arise while we handle disputes,\" Huang added.  Chen Yang, a lawyer who was involved in a case heard by the Third Circuit Court in January, has experienced the improved efficiency resulting from the dual-track system.  \"My client had a dispute about a contract. We were dismayed to discover that there would be a gap of 680 days between filing the case in Beijing and the first hearing,\" she said. \"However, when we decided to appeal to the top court, the third branch had just opened in Nanjing, and within two weeks, our case had been heard and the appeal was accepted.\"  \"What's more, the second trial opened one month later,\" she added. \"If the circuit court hadn't existed, I would have had to spend at least two days in Beijing for the trial. This time, though, the trial only took about 20 minutes in Jiangsu.\"  Huang said that before the new courts were established, litigants often complained about having to make repeated, time-consuming visits to Beijing to attend hearings at the Supreme People's Court. They were also unhappy about the length of time it took to reach verdicts. \"I believe the six branches will reduce the number of complaints and make people feel that justice can be dispensed more quickly,\" he said.  The heads of the four new circuit courts are vice-presidents of the top court, while 11 of the country's 36 chief judges hold doctorates in law, according to a statement from the Supreme People's Court.  Senior judges from the top court have been dispatched to the branches. \"However, we're also keen to recruit new staff at lower levels,\" said Xu, from the Supreme People's Court's political department.  Last month, the circuit courts in Nanjing and Zhengzhou advertised jobs on the top court's website, offering positions for clerks, legal officers for administrative affairs and as general staff in legal centers, providing the applicants pass the relevant exams.  \"All the judges dispatched by the top court will work in rotation to prevent judicial corruption, which may sometimes result from long-term stays at the branches,\" he added.  However, Shi Pengpeng, a law professor at the China University of Political Science and Law, said preventing official interference in hearings is not just a job for the courts: \"It will also require the combined efforts of a large number of departments, and a reliable supervision system.\"   Since they were established two years ago, the courts had dealt with 4,721 cases, of which 4,573 had been concluded by Jan 31.  By March 31, the court had dealt with 484 cases. Judgments had been handed down in 180 cases.  By March 31, 434 cases, including 157 civil disputes and 18 criminal cases, had been filed at the court. A total of 211 had been concluded.  By March 31, the court had accepted nearly 300 cases, and received more than 7,000 visits from members of the public.  By March 31, the court had heard 315 cases, including 164 civil disputes and 147 administrative cases. It had also received 1,472 public visits and accepted 344 sets of case materials.  Source: The supreme people's court and its official media organizations           ", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": " Lawyer Xu Fenfen encountered her first criminal case involving a fatality when she was an intern at China's top court last year. A master's student with Zhejiang University at the time, she was among some 40 people selected for internships at the Supreme People's Court from February to August. She said she was grateful for the opportunity, and the six months she spent there showed her the importance of helping people. Xu spent her internship working for the court's Trial Supervision Tribunal, mainly helping judges deal with matters such as taking notes at meetings and writing reports after reviewing cases. The tribunal specializes in reviewing influential cases with complicated facts or those in which inmates serving suspended death sentences commit further crimes while in custody. \"At the beginning, I was too frightened to turn to the next page when I saw photos of the body in material to do with the case,\" the 25-year-old lawyer said. \"I was timid, but I had to read, because my tutor judge asked me to comment after the review.\" Xu said being an intern had been more challenging than she had imagined. \"The internship was not an easy job that could be idled away,\" she said. The Supreme People's Court began the internship program in July 2015 to increase communication and cooperation between courts and law schools, which the central leadership had called for two years earlier, and to cultivate legal talent. More than 200 interns have worked at the top court since then. The court says interns should be recommended by universities or colleges, and work with judges in handling civil, criminal, administrative and State compensation cases. The time they spend as interns ranges from three to six months. Hu Shihao, head of the court's department for judicial reforms, said jobs were classified according to students' interests and could improve their ability to solve legal problems. Xu, who became an intern on Feb 14, 2017, said she did not know why she had to view photos of the body when reviewing the case, as she had already studied the autopsy report. \"But my tutor judge told me to be prudent and to compare the injuries in the pictures with those in the report to double check whether they were the same, as it was a case involving a death,\" Xu remembered. \"Since then, the need to be precise and cautious when reviewing criminal cases has been highlighted in my mind.\" After handling several similar cases, she was no longer afraid of seeing such photos and could calmly analyze them with colleagues. Xu said she became addicted to criminal law after discovering that a crime could influence a suspect's life, and even change it completely. \"I wanted to use my legal knowledge to save the innocent and also to push forward the rule of law in our country,\" she said. To pursue that dream, Xu moved to Beijing after graduation and is now a criminal lawyer at a law firm in the capital. Sun Liang was a postgraduate law student at Beijing's Tsinghua University when he served as an intern at the court's No 1 Criminal Tribunal from October 2015 to March 2016. He helped judges collect case materials, research criminal topics and write reports on whether death penalties handed down by lower courts should be approved. He said the experience was unforgettable. Now 29, he works as a judicial assistant at Beijing Tongzhou District People's Court. Sun said he decided to begin his career by working at the low-level court due to the influence of Ran Rong, a judge at the tribunal. \"It was Ran who let me know the importance of the rule of law, telling me it should be fulfilled step by step,\" he said, adding the judge never complained about her workload and taught him not to take small matters for granted. At the beginning of his internship, for example, he often replied \"no comment\" when he received a case or project he was unfamiliar with. \"But the judge told me I should give an answer after searching for information about the new aspects, as it was not only the work attitude, but also a chance to fill my knowledge gap,\" he said. He had also complained early on about spelling mistakes made by court clerks. \"But after I was asked to record the information of a case hearing, I realized it was too hard to ensure everything was accurate,\" Sun said. \"Going through the notes and correcting mistakes after the trial is a must, no matter what they are.\" Such matters might appear insignificant, but Ran always took them seriously, teaching Sun to respect each task and learn from them. When he finished his internship, she shared three tips with him: have a dream, work hard, and be a better man. Although Sun is kept busy by the rising number of cases handled by the district court, he said he could shoulder the burden because it was something he had learned from Ran. Yuan Gang, an associate law professor at China University of Political Science and Law, welcomed the top court's internship program, saying it reduced the distance between law schools and the judicial authorities, helped students put their knowledge into practice and improved the cultivation of legal talent. He said the United States, some European countries and Japan placed a great deal of emphasis on combining legal education with practice. In Germany and France, for example, law students can only qualify as lawyers if they spent at least two years as interns at judicial or administrative organs or law firms, Yuan said. In Japan, law students who wanted to work in field were asked to complete a one-year internship at an institute established by the country's highest court, he added. Zou Jiaming, a criminal lawyer at King and Capital Law Firm in Beijing, said: \"Practice is essential for law school students. Many law graduates don't know how to communicate with judges and how to question their litigants, although they perform well in schools. \"Graduation doesn't mean they can be competent at legal jobs.\" Yuan suggested the top court specify projects for interns, with tasks given to postgraduate students different from those given to undergraduates. Sun said developing a long-term relationship with former interns could boost the effectiveness of study and help solve legal problems thoroughly. \"If the top court could follow our growth and receive our feedback after we leave there, I think it will help improve the internship program,\" he said.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Beijing has seen improvements in its air quality with lower levels of pollutants and more good air days, the municipal environmental authority said on Friday. Last year, the capital had 198 days when the air quality was defined as good \u00a1\u00aa an increase of 22 days over the amount in 2013, according to the Beijing Environmental Protection Bureau's annual Beijing Environmental Statement. Readings for PM2.5 \u00a1\u00aa fine particulate matter with a diameter less than 2.5 microns that is harmful to health \u00a1\u00aa stood at 73 micrograms per cubic meter last year, on average, a 9.9 percent year-on-year decrease. However, this year Beijing should aim to lower PM2.5 levels to 60 micrograms per cubic meter, according to the national action plan against air pollution released earlier by the State Council, China's cabinet. Last year, Beijing issued 17 emergency alerts for air pollution, including one red alert and three orange alerts \u00a1\u00aa the two highest levels in the four-tier emergency response system. In total, the emergency alerts lasted for 36 days, the statement said. When the red alert was in effect for six days in December, it is estimated that air pollutant emissions were reduced by one third and PM2.5 levels went down 20 percent. In addition to air quality, the capital has also seen improvements to its water quality, the bureau said. ", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "  The seventh meeting of BRICS senior representatives on security issues will be held in Beijing on Thursday and Friday, Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang said on Monday. Senior security officials from South Africa, Brazil, Russia and India will attend.  The meeting, presided over by State Councilor Yang Jiechi, is one of a series of BRICS meetings during China's rotating presidency of the BRICS bloc this year.  Lu said State Security Minister David Mahlobo of South Africa, Secretary of Institutional Security Sergio Etchegoyen of Brazil, Security Council Secretary Nikolai Patrushev of Russia and National Security Adviser Ajit Doval of India have confirmed their attendance.      \"The meeting on security issues is a major platform for BRICS countries to discuss and conduct cooperation in politics and security fields,\" Lu said in a daily news conference in Beijing.  \"It bears great significance for these countries to strengthen strategic communication, enhance political mutual trust and elevate their impact on global affairs.\"  As agreed by all parties, those at the meeting will discuss on topics including global governance, anti-terrorism, internet security and energy security, as well as major international and regional hot spot issues and national security and development, Lu said.  The meeting comes at a time when regional hot spot issues are heating up, threats from internet security and terrorism are rising and challenges from traditional and nontraditional security fields are intertwined.  \"China hopes the security meeting will further maintain common interests, push forward political and security cooperation among the BRICS countries, improve the impact of the bloc, and prepare for the BRICS Leaders' Meeting in Xiamen this September,\" Lu said.  Since early this year, a series of BRICS meetings have been held.  mojingxi@chinadaily.com.cn    (China Daily 07/25/2017 page3)", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Internet platforms are posing new challenges to tobacco control, with many advertisements masquerading as shopping experiences or sharing personal lifestyles. According to a report released by the Beijing Center for Diseases Prevention and Control on Monday, more than 51,800 tobacco advertisements or promotions were released online in the first half of last year. Of those, more than 80 percent contained contact information for tobacco agents. The data, collected by the Beijing CDC and Peking University, was collected between April 1 and June 30 last year on 14 major internet social platforms, including WeChat and Weibo. Although China enacted a regulation in 2016 banning tobacco advertisements on the internet, embedded marketing online - in which tobacco is featured in a personal shopping story or what appears as a discussion of lifestyle - has become a new trend. \"Compared with traditional tobacco advertisements, such information, dressed up in readable personal stories, is more difficult to identify through regular online supervision channels,\" said Zeng Xiaopeng, deputy director of the Beijing CDC. The survey found that about 15 percent of the tobacco advertisements were embedded in stories about love, friendship and family, and presented tobacco to readers as a pleasant part of life. In Xiaohongshu, a lifestyle-sharing platform that encourages mostly young consumers to write reviews and share their shopping experiences, more than 90,000 references could be identified with the key word \"tobacco\". Many of the references involved the experience of buying a certain tobacco product or related goods. In the comment area, some writers also tell the readers how to purchase the tobacco. The report said that Sina Weibo had the greatest number - more than 80 percent - of the cloaked tobacco advertisements and promotions among the 14 platforms. A report released in March by Sina Weibo said that 75 percent of its users are between 18 and 30. \"Moreover, women are the major subscribers to those lifestyle-sharing platforms. In other words, those tobacco advertisements online pose a bigger threat to the health of women and children,\" Zeng said. China, the world's largest producer and consumer of tobacco products, has about 350 million smokers, according to the Chinese Association on Tobacco Control. At least 500 million people experience secondhand smoke. \"Cigarette smoking produces more than 50 harmful substances that will cause cancer,\" said Wang Ke'an, director of the Think Tank Research Center for Health Development, a nonprofit health research organization. He said women have a much higher risk of lung cancer or heart attack than men, given the same amount of cigarette smoke. So far, 18 Chinese cities have anti-smoking regulations, and the ban in Beijing is one of the toughest. Beijing's regulation, which took effect in June 2015, bans smoking in all indoor public spaces, workplaces and public transportation vehicles. Zeng said the Beijing CDC will continue to supervise online tobacco advertisements and release regular reports to the public. It will also further intensify public education on tobacco control.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "  New exhibition detailing the depiction of the creature in currency over the ages explores their transition from spiritual totem to national symbol. Wang Kaihao reports. When asked where is the most common place to see images of Chinese dragons, most people would probably guess it was the Palace Museum in Beijing. However, the answer is actually much more down-to-earth\u00a3\u00adon currency notes. An exhibition at Beijing's Deshengmen Archery Tower that opened on Friday aims to give people the bigger picture of how dragons have been depicted on currency throughout Chinese history. At  currency exhibits have gone on display, demonstrating the origins of this animal deity, delving into its auspicious meanings through the ages, and showing the dragon grew to become ancient China's imperial symbol.,  \"Dragon are generally considered to be a spiritual totem for Chinese people,\" Song Zhenhong, deputy director of the Beijing administration of cultural heritage, said at the opening ceremony of the exhibition. \"It has also been a crucial element in the design of the Chinese currency,\" she says. According to Song, images of dragons have been a permanent theme in Chinese currency since the Han Dynasty (202 BC-220 AD). \"Currency requires a rigid format, but it also greatly reflects the characteristics of their time,\" Song explains. \"Money has developed into the most prominent platform for promoting the culture surrounding the Chinese dragon.\" She adds that banknotes and coins bearing Chinese dragons continued to reflect the diverse shifts in China's political, cultural and social environments over the centuries. \"During China's imperial years, dragon images were depicted in a more solemn manner when it came to representing the royal family,\" says Li Zhidong, curator of the exhibition and a board member of the Beijing Numismatic Society. \"However, when they were printed on bank notes, they began to reflect an interesting mixture of royal majesty and people's everyday lives.\" Li says the use of dragon images on currency reached its peak in the late Qing Dynasty (1644-1911), and many exhibits are taken from this period.,  In ancient China, a type of coin called yashengqian (money to suppress vicious spirits), was also used to convey good wishes in rituals rather than being used as a form of currency\u00a3\u00adand dragon images are found on these in abundance. \"Compared with the rigid format used in currency, we can see a much greater variety of dragon patterns and designs on these coins,\" Li explains. \"They added new colors to Chinese numismatic culture and grew from depictions seen only in royal livery to later become a symbol for the country as a whole.\" Consequently, the use of dragons has continued to be a common theme in currency long after the fall of the Chinese monarchy, and some of the exhibits are commemorative coins from contemporary times. At the same time, the depiction of dragon has not just been limited to Chinese currency or the courtyards of the Forbidden City. Images of dragons also appeared frequently on foreign currency throughout ancient times, especially in neighboring countries influenced by Chinese culture like Vietnam and on the Korean Peninsula.,  Countries like Australia and Palau have also released commemorative coins to mark the most recent Year of the Dragon in 2012, and a special section for these has been set up at the exhibition. \"When you look at the use of dragon totems in currency through the ages, the exhibition actually reflects all the changes witnessed in Chinese society,\" Wang Peiwu, director of the Beijing Ancient Numismatic Exhibition Hall, says. \"But now dragon has taken on a new meaning: It represents a revival of Chinese civilization in the modern world.\" Contact the writer at wangkaihao@chinadaily.com.cn 9:30-4 pm, Mondays closed, through Jan 13. Beijing Ancient Numismatic Exhibition Hall, Deshengmen Archery Tower, 9 Deshengmen Dong Dajie (Avenue), Xicheng district, Beijing.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "China's scientific start-ups incubator, Techcode SME Services Co Ltd, recently announced the establishment of the company's first global scientific achievements experience center in Langfang of North China's Hebei province.  The center, Techcode Langfang, will be designed to help promote the commercialization of research findings of the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region.  Founded in 2015, Techcode SME Services Co Ltd has, so far, 30 incubators in seven different countries. The centers incubate more than 600 start-ups, with a total financing worth more than $500 million.  Langfang, located at the center of the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region, between Beijing and Tianjin, was designed to become a cluster for the commercialization of research findings in the future. The city would have an enhanced linkage with Beijing and Tianjin in terms of industries, assets and policies, according to a Langfang government report released in April. Techcode Langfang would provide spaces for the exhibition of scientific and technological achievements worldwide, as well as the trading of research findings, and provide space for entrepreneurs from across the globe to exchange ideas. More than 10 artificial intelligence companies from the Silicon Valley displayed their products at the launch ceremony of the Techcode Langfang on May 16, which enabled each company to seek possible investment in China. These companies included The One, an organization which could calculate return on investment for enterprises, and CoContest, which could combine the 3D and visual reality technology to do interior design. Huang Haiyan, CEO of Techcode, said the company was determined to bring the best resources together, through the use of globalization, and realize its potential in China. The company has also established innovative incubators in Beijing and three counties of Hebei province, including Xianghe, Gu'an and Dachang.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Image consulting has emerged as a new profession in the country, as Chinese people increasingly pursue a better and higher-quality life. Nan Nan, a skater turned image consultant, provides the services of image analysis, makeup, social etiquette and shopping assistance. She will do a color test with a client to determine the most suitable colors, providing a reference when helping the customer to do makeup and choose clothes. Nan Nan will also take the client's body measurements and check their wardrobe before going out shopping together and providing suggestions on what clothes to wear in different occasions. Nan Nan makes about 2,000 yuan ($290) each time for her professional services on image and personal style. After accumulating extensive experience in Beijing, Nan Nan decided to return to her hometown of Xi'an, Northwest China's Shaanxi province, where this profession has grown in popularity.", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "BEIJING -- A teacher training program focusing on teenage sex education concluded in Beijing on Friday. About 50 teachers in 35 schools in Beijing's southern district of Fengtai joined the week-long program, which was organized by the AIDS Prevention Education Project for Chinese Youth (APEPCY), a non-profit organization. \"Sex education is the key to AIDS prevention, as more and more young students are being infected due to lack of sexual knowledge,\" said Zhang Yinjun, the founder of APEPCY. According to a report released by Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention, 2,321 new AIDS cases of students aged 15 to 24 were found from January to September 2016, 4.1 times more than the same period in 2010. Over 10 experts in AIDS prevention and control as well as in sex education carried out training courses, including on sexual development, sex education in foreign countries and AIDS prevention, which helped teachers design curriculums. \"There is a great demand for sex education as more sexual assault appeared among teenagers,\" said Xing Haiyan, secretary general of APEPCY. \"It is necessary for students to receive sexual health education at an early age.\" APEPCY started training teachers on sex education in July 2017. The program will last for four years.", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "The impact of ongoing trade friction will not only keep Chinese investors away from the United States, but also lead to a shrinking share in the huge Chinese market for US firms, experts warned on Thursday. They forecast that the uneasy situation will force China to import more products such as automobiles, passenger aircraft, natural gas, crude oil, cotton and medicines from other nations. Their comments came after the New York-based Rhodium Group said in a report on Wednesday that China\u00a1\u00afs investment in the US totaled $1.8 billion in the first five months of this year, a 92 percent drop year-on-year, and the lowest level in seven years. Chinese investors, in the meantime, completed $9.6 billion worth of divestitures in the US, with another $4 billion of sales pending, according to the report. Another survey carried out by the China General Chamber of Commerce-USA showed that 44 percent of respondents have seen a deterioration in China-US economic and trade relations in 2018. And the same proportion said that a stable and healthy relationship between the two nations is extremely important to the success of their company\u00a1\u00afs business in the US, according to the chamber\u00a1\u00afs survey. Chinese companies had invested $140 billion in the US by the end of last year and had created 140,000 jobs mainly in the manufacturing, infrastructure, service, research and development sectors between 2010 and 2017, according to a report jointly released on Tuesday by the National Committee on US-China Relations and the Rhodium Group in April. \u00a1\u00b0Chinese companies have already shifted their focus to European countries and South Korea to seal and seek new opportunities via establishing joint ventures, and merger and acquisition activities,\u00a1\u00b1 said Ma Yu, a senior researcher at the Chinese Academy of International Trade and Economic Cooperation in Beijing. He said China and the European Union, both as the victims of US trade protectionism, comprehensive strategic partners and firm supporters and active participants of multilateral free trade, will certainly increase their FDI in each other\u00a1\u00afs markets as the negotiation progress of the EU-China Comprehensive Agreement on Investment has been smooth. Aside from investment activities, experts said a trade war would hit US farmers and manufacturers, a vast majority of whom supported Donald Trump in the 2016 election. \u00a1\u00b0Jobs for the Chinese are just as precious as those for the Americans,\u00a1\u00b1 said Zha Daojiong, professor of international political economy at the School of International Studies at Peking University. \u00a1\u00b0It will be wise for the two sides to come back to the negotiating table, abide by a temporary agreement and turn down the rhetoric.\u00a1\u00b1 Reuters reported that Indian cotton exporters expected the nation\u00a1\u00afs cotton shipments to China could grow fivefold to 850,000 metric tons in the next crop year as they rack up orders amid trade friction that is forcing China to look for other sources of supply, even though the US is the world\u00a1\u00afs biggest exporter of the fiber and has been supplying cotton to China for almost a decade. US automakers and US aircraft giant Boeing Co, which have targeted China as a key growth market, are also slated to be hit by the bruising tariffs. US auto giant Ford Motor Co sold 338,386 vehicles in China in the first five months this year, around one-third the number in the US. It had welcomed a Chinese plan to lower tariffs on auto imports, and had even planned to cut prices of its imported Lincoln brand of vehicles. That may be in jeopardy now as a higher import tax is due to be imposed on gas-powered and electric vehicles. Wei Jianguo, former vice-minister of commerce, said this move, once it takes effect, will further push US automobile manufacturers out of the Chinese market, as vehicles from Germany, Sweden, France and Japan have already taken the majority of the country\u00a1\u00afs medium and high-end vehicle market. US automakers may miss the golden chance to expand their footprint in China, if the Trump administration sticks to trade protectionism and keeps undermining free trade, said Wei. \u00a1\u00b0It is a rare phenomenon that the US is not only having trade disputes with China but also with its allies in the European Union and North America. It appeared that the US is challenging the international trade system which it led to build after World War II,\u00a1\u00b1 said Tu Xinquan, director of the China Institute for WTO Studies at the University of International Business and Economics. Because the manufacturing industrial structure of the US and EU is fairly similar, it is unnecessary for China to import more vehicles, passenger aircraft and agricultural products from the US under the current circumstances, he said. Denis Depoux, chief executive officer of Roland Berger China, said bilateral trade tensions have a negative effect on the whole economy, as they create uncertainty, will reduce trade flows and disrupt well established and efficient supply chains. Even more importantly, in many sectors targeted by tariffs such as semiconductors, he said non-European companies including those from Japan or South Korea can also yield higher benefits. And this will only reinforce the determination of the Chinese government and companies to become more independent of global supply chains. Contact the writers at zhongnan@chinadaily.com.cn", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "DHAKA - The upcoming China International Import Expo (CIIE) has been a big boon to revitalize the world economy, Bangladeshi experts said on Tuesday. Experts here believed the mega expo in Shanghai is the most significant event which China has so far arranged because it demonstrates China's renewed determination to open its door wider for trade and investment amid the rise of protectionism. They said the CIIE, to be held in Shanghai on Nov 5-10, will open up enormous commercial opportunities for participants from about 130 countries and regions, many of which have joined the China-proposed Belt and Road Initiative. The Silk Road Economic Belt and the 21st Century Maritime Silk Road Initiative, proposed in 2013, aims to build a trade and infrastructure network connecting Asia with Europe and Africa along the ancient trade routes of the Silk Road. Munshi Faiz Ahmad, chairman of the Bangladesh Institute of International and Strategic Studies (BIISS), said this is a clear manifestation of Beijing's commitment to holding out its arms open wide to the world. \"This expo is a significant move from the end of top Chinese leadership to facilitate countries and regions all over the world to bolster economic and trade cooperation,\" said the BIISS chairman. He said this will surely help promote global trade and world economic growth in order to advance the development of an open world economy. Citing a report released by the Chinese government, Ahmad said China had lifted more than 700 million people out of poverty through 40 years of reform and opening-up. Against this backdrop, the expo in Shanghai is aimed at firmly supporting trade liberalization and economic globalization and actively opening the Chinese market to the world. Ahmad said he saw domestic consumption as the most important driver of the Chinese economy, as suggested by the supply-side reforms, adding that the Chinese economy has also \"shifted from quantity to quality with a sharp rise in the number of middle-income Chinese.\" \"China acts timely to support the countries facing economic hurdles in the face of an increasing protectionist tendency,\" said the expert. Experts here said China is sincere in its efforts to build the expo into a world-class one so as to promote world economy and global trade as well as to achieve common prosperity. Khandaker Golam Moazzem, research director of Bangladesh's Center for Policy Dialogue (CPD), told Xinhua that traditional Chinese trade fairs emphasized on what Chinese firms could sell to the global markets. But for the first time, he said, a special event is organized to tout foreign companies selling to China. The researcher from Bangladesh's leading think tank said the CIIE, for the participants, is not merely an opportunity to have more market in China but also elsewhere in the world. He said the expo will be a platform for countries like Bangladesh to seek new untapped opportunities in commerce by establishing trade links with many countries and regions along the Belt and Road routes. Undoubtedly, he said, opportunities lie for all countries to revitalize their economies. If the expo meets its goal as set by China, Moazzem said, all the countries of the world, especially those which joined the Belt and Road Initiative, will yield maximum benefits for their people. \"So far we understand this (event) will emerge as an alternative to the current (trade) platforms of the world.\"", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "  Come August, Li Kaikai, 8, who lives with his parents in downtown Beijing, will be off to a capital suburb to take part in a five-night, six-day science summer camp where only English will be the medium of communication. The camp will set Li's parents back by 6,680 yuan ($980). It will cover subjects like virtual reality or VR, augmented reality or AR, 3-D printing and architectural design. It will also include social activities like pool-side parties, movies and games. At the end of the camp, Li will be required to make a presentation on what he thinks of the city's future. Using sand, he will need to build and present a model of the city he visualizes. The camp is one of many summer activities Li's parents have earmarked for him for the next two months. Compared with overseas summer camps that require people to travel long distances and afford high prices, domestic summer courses are popular among certain sections of the society, especially working parents. Domestic camps, too, offer various courses with focus on subjects or themes like travel, child-friendly destinations, science, technology, English language and aerospace. MoncyClub, an outdoor child center located at the Olympic Park in north Beijing, has developed a new summer camp this year, its second one since it was established last year. The course includes drama, climbing, safety knowledge and music. It is taught by English-speaking teachers and professional tutors, all experts in one of subjects, said Kuang Xiaoyu, marketing director of the club. \"It's very hard for working parents to find an outdoor camp within the city with a structure designed for them to send in their kids in the morning and pick them up at night,\" she said. Each camp lasts five working days, and takes in no more than 20 children. \"We want to fill the gap in the traditional school education, which only focuses on knowledge rather than experience and practice that we provide here,\" she said. Each camp costs 5,199 yuan upward. There are eight camps in two months. Lin Jialu, a mother of a 7-year-old, sent her son to a military camp in Guangzhou last summer. The children there practised living like real soldiers. For the first time in their life, brats learnt to wash their clothes and clean their rooms.", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "The first conference of the Music Education Alliance Across the Silk Road will be held at the Central Conservatory of Music in Beijing from May 5 to 7, says Yu Feng, president of the school.  Starting this year, the alliance will annually host concerts, workshops and exhibitions over three days.  More than 70 musicians and scholars from 16 countries, including India, Thailand, Vietnam, Turkey and Uzbekistan, will attend the inaugural conference along with their Chinese peers.  Top representatives from at least 10 music schools in the country are also expected to participate.  The Belt and Road Initiative announced by President Xi Jinping in 2013 aims to revitalize economic, cultural and other links along the ancient Silk Road between China and other parts of the world.  \"The Silk Road, which linked traders, pilgrims, monks, nomads and others, was not only a trade route but was also important for the development of Chinese culture and civilization,\" Yu says.  \"Music is an important bridge, too. We want to strengthen understanding and promote cultural exchanges among the countries through this conference,\" he adds.  Yu and his team visited many countries in recent years to get to know foreign musicians better. They also found that many were interested in Chinese music.  \"We believe this event will promote such connections,\" Yu says.  The symphony and folk orchestras of the Central Conservatory of Music will present the opening concert at the event on May 5. Other recitals include a joint performance by musicians from Tajikistan, Uzbekistan, Azerbaijan, Turkey and Iran, and a concert marking 25 years of diplomatic relations between China and Azerbaijan.  The conservatory, a leading music school in China, was founded in 1950. It started research on musical connections among countries along the Silk Road in 2014.  Last year, it set up the Center for Music Communication, Development and Research.  The music conference will be held ahead of the first Belt and Road Forum in Beijing over May 14-15.  ", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "The 2019 World Transport Convention opened in Beijing on Friday to showcase the latest technical achievements in the transport industry. The convention from Thursday to Sunday is themed \"Green and Intelligent Mobility for Future Transport,\" and consists of a rich list of activities, including keynote speeches, exhibition, academic forums and competitions. Liu Xiaoming, vice-minister of transport, said at the opening ceremony that despite the achievements made in the expressway, waterway, high-speed railway and civil aviation, it is true that traffic accidents, traffic congestion, and air pollution still hamper the development of transportation. \"In the new era, China must focus on building a safe, convenient, efficient, green, and economical modern transportation system. To create a strong transportation network, we must put innovation in the core position,\" he said. More than 10 international transport organizations and 40 academicians from home and abroad are attending the convention, together with over 6,000 participants. They will cover topics including smart transportation, automatic drive, the Internet of Things and green travel. The convention will also highlight activities about cooperation among the Belt and Road countries. The convention was previously held in 2017 and 2018.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Beijing housing authorities have intensified a crackdown on irregularities in the housing market in a bid to cool the overheated rental market. In a statement released on its website last week, the Beijing Municipal Commission of Housing and Urban-Rural Development said it is coordinating with 10 other major departments in Beijing to regulate the market. The special operation, which started in July, will last until December. Since the beginning of the year, a special group led by the Beijing housing authorities, the city\u00a1\u00afs banking regulator and its finance and tax bureaus has strengthened a clampdown on market irregularities that have fueled increases in housing prices. Speculative activities that have been targeted include the monopolizing of housing resources to manipulate rents. The statement said the crackdown will also focus on misleading information from housing agencies.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Dallas-based American Airlines, the world's largest by fleet size, said it is constantly reviewing its network and sees possibility to reopen the two flights it suspended last year\u00a3\u00adflights connecting Chicago and Beijing, as well as Chicago and Shanghai\u00a3\u00adin the near future, fueled by growing travel demand and the strong performance of its Sino-US flights. The airline said it put the two routes dormant, meaning they have the option to return, and the carrier will review its network strategy and commercial performance. Last year, it put more emphasis on its flights between China and its hubs in Dallas and Los Angeles. American Airlines said it is confident in the China market, as it has seen a growing number of local Chinese fly the airline, including business and leisure travelers, Chinese students studying abroad and their parents who travel to visit them. \"China and the US are the two biggest air transport markets in the world. We think there's enormous potential. We are always reviewing our network and where it makes sense to add new services for our customers, we will,\" said Sam Martin, general manager of Australia and New Zealand operations at American Airlines. \"Over the past five years, we have firmly established ourselves in the Asia-Pacific region and in the China market. Our Asia-Pacific network, of which China is a big part of, is performing better than it has at any time in our history,\" he said. American Airlines operates daily flights from Beijing, Hong Kong and Shanghai, to Los Angeles and Dallas, using its newest airplanes, the company said. The carrier said its commitment to China backs its aim to continue developing its partnership with China Southern Airlines, the biggest airline in Asia. The two sides launched a reciprocal code share agreement last year, followed by reciprocal lounge access and loyalty benefits in 2019. \"With the opening of Beijing Daxing International Airport in 2019 and the ability to cooperate fully with China Southern (which will move to the new airport), we are excited about our future in the Chinese market,\" said Maxine Peng, general manager of American Airlines China. Meanwhile, American Airlines has invested $28 billion in renovating its customer services globally, including purchasing new planes, building new lounges and better in-flight experiences, a record investment in the industry, since it merged with US Airways more than five years ago. \"We have now fitted in-flight Wi-Fi to all our long haul airplanes. Our customers in China told us they want to stay connected with their friends and families while they fly, and we are pleased to provide them with that convenience,\" Peng said. In the past few years, the Sino-US flight market has witnessed double-digit annual growth and now that growth is proceeding to a more stable period. \"The ongoing trade tensions between the world's largest two economies may affect business travel in the long term. Besides, business and tourism visa approvals have become tighter, which may affect travel demand growth,\" cautioned Lin Zhijie, an aviation industry analyst and columnist at Carnoc, one of China's largest civil aviation websites.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "  Israeli violist Avri Levitan gave 10 recitals within three days during his recent stay in Beijing. From children and senior citizens to audiences at a health center and a live-music venue, Levitan showed that classical music, which is regarded as high-art by some, can be accessible to people of various backgrounds. There is no difference between playing for a nation's top official, a homeless person, someone in prison or a court judge, he says. \"We choose the program list like any other musician preparing for recitals at concert halls. The only thing we pay attention to is the high quality of the performance.\" Levitan concluded his trip in Beijing with a recital at the Forbidden City Concert Hall on May 25. Along with Chinese classical guitarist Wang Chuting, he played pieces, including Johann Sebastian Bach's  Franz Schubert's  and Manuel De Falla's seven Spanish popular songs,  . \"It's an inspiring experience for me to work with Levitan. He has his own understanding of music. As a young music student, I learned that it's not only important to be a good musician in terms of the technique but also a good musician for society at large,\" says Wang. The 20-year-old, who studies at the Central Conservatory of Music in Beijing, played with Levitan during some of his recitals. This is the idea behind Berlin-based Musethica program, a nonprofit Levitan co-founded with economics teacher Carmen Marcuello in Spain in 2012. The name, Musethica, is a combination of music and aesthetics. The program chooses young musicians to play at public concerts as part of their education. The majority of such concerts are held in places where people have little access to music, such as hospitals, prisons and shelter homes. Now, Musethica is active in eight countries, including Germany, Poland, Spain and Israel. Three years ago, it came to China for the first time. Levitan takes his 7-year-old son, Yona, to Musethica concerts. \"Once my son told me, 'Papa, there is no time. Time only exists in computers.' I found it interesting because indeed, there is no time in music. Music is the pure present,\" says Levitan, 43. \"For children, music is pure sound.\" His job as a teacher inspired Levitan to take his nonprofit forward. \"When we learn to be instrumentalists, we practice all the time in our rooms, but we don't play for the people. We give recitals in schools to impress the teacher, to win awards or to become famous. It's not the real interest of being a musician,\" says Levitan, who is a viola and chamber music professor at Zaragoza Music Conservatory in Spain. He encourages his students to teach themselves instead of always telling them what to do. For musicians joining the Musethica program, Levitan says they neither get money nor become famous. \"They only have to play beautifully.\" Levitan was born in Tel Aviv and was introduced to music by his parents, who were big fans of classical music and jazz. He started learning the viola at age 5. As a young boy, he didn't like to practice. \"I liked football. My friends are not musicians. But when I stopped playing music, after one or two days, I realized that I cannot live without music,\" he recalls. Levitan performs regularly as a soloist in some of the world's most prestigious concert halls, such as the Vienna Konzerthaus, and in collaboration with chamber and symphony orchestras. He was the BBC Music Magazine Awards nominee in 2009 and the Royal Philharmonic Society Awards nominee in 2012. Now, he is working with organizations, such as the Forbidden City Concert Hall and music schools in Beijing, to make Musethica a long-term project in China. \"We hope to introduce more concerts at all types of venues and for all kinds of audiences,\" he says.  ", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "  Shen Wenhao is about to pay the final installment of his air ticket that brought him from his home of Qingdao, Shandong province, during the National Day holiday in October.  \"I looked for an affordable air ticket before the holiday, and discovered that I can pay by installments without down payment on Spring Airlines' app,\" said the 25-year-old, who works for a logistics company.  Like Shen, many people benefit from the new payment service launched by Shanghai-based budget carrier Spring Airlines, which aims to innovate travel consumption through its smartphone app.  All registered members of Spring Airlines aged between 18 and 55 years old can apply for the installment service when they buy Spring Airlines tickets without using a credit card or third party payment, said Zhou Haiyang, marketing manager of Spring's financial division.  \"Consumers can either choose installments of three, six, nine and 12 with zero down payment, and the monthly service charge is as low as between 0.6 percent and 0.9 percent,\" said Zhou.  In less than three months, the service has handled up to 50,000 customers, and the company is going to launch a similar service for its traveling products.  In the past few years, Spring has started offering online services, such as the foreign currency exchange that it added in April in cooperation with Ctrip Financial Services Co.  \"I had very a bad experience in exchanging Chinese yuan for the destination country's currency before, but it all went smoothly this time,\" said Zhang Jue, who tried Spring's currency exchange service in September before her trip to the United States.  According to Zhang, she booked online and collected the money without queuing on Saturday at one of Spring's counters that offer the service.    \"This is much more convenient than going to banks that require you to go on weekdays and wait for hours. The situation becomes even more complicated if the foreign currency is not that common. So sometimes, I ask my parents to do that for me,\" Zhang said.  For the moment, as many as 28 foreign currencies can be exchanged online through Spring's app, and the bank notes can be picked up at about 130 locations in 15 Chinese cities including Shanghai, Beijing, Guangzhou, Tianjin and Chongqing, said Zhou.  \"It's worth mentioning that the exchange service also provides a follow-up option where customers can change the leftover foreign currency back at the same currency exchange rate when they return to China,\" Zhou added.  Spring said nearly 50 million yuan worth of foreign currencies were exchanged in the past six months, and there are plans to extend the service to more Chinese cities next year. ", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "  The 2017 Japan Film Week is being held in Beijing from April 16 to 23 in celebration of the 45th anniversary of the normalization of Sino-Japanese diplomatic relations. A total of seven Japanese films have been brought to China to give Chinese audiences an inside look into Japanese society and culture. The films, covering various subjects, try to reflect modern Japan through a series of everyday stories. The movie   seeks to redefine the word family.  an adaptation from the cartoon of the same name, reflects the youth and passion of high school students in Japan.   is a romance that renders movie-goers happiness and harmony.   is narrated by a cynical young man about his life, love and view of the whole world.   is a philosophical film that gives a general picture of the \"mid-life crisis\" in Japan, while   is a time-travel film. \"Film, a recording of changes of society, has played an important role in the friendly exchanges between China and Japan. Also, we have seen that China has witnessed tremendous growth in its movie market and more Chinese movie-goers can take a look at our culture through films,\" Japanese Ambassador to China Yokoi Yutaka said.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "As the global telecommunications community scrambles to commercialize fifth-generation wireless technology, more efforts are needed to ensure that data is safely stored, analyzed and used to prepare for a 5G-enabled world, tech tycoons said at the ongoing China Development Forum in Beijing. \"If a computer is the brain, 5G is the nervous system, data is the blood, and memory, as well as storage, is very much the heart of all these things,\" said Sanjay Mehrotra, president and CEO of Micron Technology Inc, a memory-chip manufacturer from the United States. \"More data will be created by billions of devices, and it has to be analyzed and processed quickly. That all happens in the memory and storage devices that Micron makes, and that provides deeper insight for the experiences of human life as well as for businesses,\" he said at the weekend. He added that 5G will reshape people's daily lives and business operations, making remote surgeries and self-driving vehicles a reality. To realize such potential, efforts are needed to ensure that data is safely and efficiently stored and processed. As one of the world's largest makers of memory chips, Micron has been in China for more than a decade. With about 3,700 employees in the country, it has an engineering center in Shanghai and a chip packaging and testing plant in Xi'an, capital of Shaanxi province. To offer better localized products and services, Micron also has sales, marketing and customer labs in Beijing, Shanghai and Shenzhen, Guangdong province. Yang Yuanqing, chairman and CEO of Lenovo Group, the world's largest manufacturer of personal computers, said 5G will play a direct role in fueling the development of the digital economy and also ignite a cross-sector creativity boom. \"Traditional sectors need to pounce on the opportunities brought by 5G to upgrade themselves and create greater dividends by significantly boosting efficiency,\" he said. Yang added that the \"intelligent era\" will be driven by three key elements - data, strong computing power and algorithms - and next-generation, superfast technology will affect all three. \"About half of the 5G applications will be about its integration with traditional sectors,\" he said. Wu Manqing, general manager of China Electronics Technology Group Corp, a State-owned company, said efforts will be needed to help people better understand what the new 5G era will mean. \"A 5G-enabled world could be either extremely big or small. With tons of faster connections, our network will grow increasingly large and we will pursue more connections. On the other hand, we may go increasingly deeper to explore just one or two connections, which may make our world smaller,\" he said. According to Wu, 5G will also feature interaction between the physical and digital worlds, and efforts will be required to ease pressures on people and their fear of the unknown. A report from the Global System for Mobile Communications Association, which represents the interests of mobile operators worldwide, predicts that China will become the world's largest 5G market by 2025. With an expected 460 million users of the next-generation, superfast network, user numbers will surpass those in Europe (205 million) and the United States (187 million) combined, the report said. Mats Granryd, the association's director-general, said that after spending billions (of dollars) in the past decade deploying 4G networks to all corners of the country, Chinese mobile operators are now set to invest a further $58 billion over the next two years to prepare for and begin the rollout of the 5G network.", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "BEIJING - Beijing's spring season comes again with unruly companions of airborne cotton known as catkins, from willow and poplar trees, and the gardening authority is trying to tackle them. The Beijing Gardening and Greening Bureau said it had stepped up efforts to curb the cotton-like seed clusters in key areas such as hospitals, kindergartens, schools, city parks and large residential areas. Beijing has 284,000 female willow and poplar trees, the main source of the flying catkins. About 37 percent of the trees are in Chaoyang district. With high survival rates, fast growth and low maintenance costs, poplars and willows were used as landscaping trees in Beijing, but flying catkins are a nuisance for the city and a fire hazard. Workers use high-pressure water guns to wash the cotton balls, and clip branches off high trees to prevent them from producing catkins. This year, they will not be using catkin inhibitors, because they do not work well, the bureau said. Grasslands are added to keep the flying cotton balls on the ground. Beijing will ban the plantation of female poplars and willows in the future and increase the diversity of landscaping trees. Zhang Jianguo, a researcher with Chinese Academy of Forestry, warned that though the trees produce annoying seeds, they can not be felled. Beijing's female poplars and willows were planted in the 1960s and 1970s, when there were few tree options for landscaping.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "To better regulate the internet and online operators, the Ministry of Culture and Tourism has begun monitoring more closely the activities of online animation and music streaming providers. An upcoming investigation will target 27 major video and music streaming websites, including Bilibili, an anime-centered video streaming platform widely accessed by teens; Kuaikan, a digital publishing platform for comic strips; and Douyin, a short video streaming app. On July 20, China Central Television criticized animation video websites, digital comic sites and anime-related WeChat official accounts for hosting vulgar and pornographic content. Calling out Bilibili by name, the CCTV report criticized the site for scantily clad characters, sexually suggestive images and even incestuous content found in some of its animated series, with a few even being recommended as editors' picks. Following the report's accusations, law enforcement teams acting under the authority of the ministry targeted online operators in Beijing and Shanghai, launched a crackdown on illegal operations of Shanghai Kuanyu Digital Technology Co Ltd, the company behind Bilibili, and Kuaikan World (Beijing) Technology Co Ltd, the company behind the comic strip platform. The ministry ordered 11 major online animation platforms to reinforce self-censorship via inspections of their content and to clean up offensive products. So far, 977 videos and 167 comic series have been withdrawn. Sanctions also target music streaming platforms that provide illegal content, including songs glorifying fascism and militarism. The MCT has instructed relevant law enforcement departments in Beijing, as well as Zhejiang and Guangdong provinces, to keep a record of ongoing cases and implement administrative penalties where warranted. In the meantime, 18 major music streaming sites have reportedly begun self-censorship operations. Content suspected of being in violation of laws and regulations has been taken down, including 4,664 songs, more than 100,000 videos, 891 playlists, 4,300 user comments and over 4,500 user profiles. He Yun'ao, a professor at Nanjing University and a member of the National Committee of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference, said: \"The cultural market essentially serves the spiritual pursuit of humans and the development of civilization. Therefore, online companies in the cultural sphere should prioritize social benefits over economic interests.\" The ministry said that in order to further strengthen supervision over the internet, a centralized and comprehensive investigation into the 27 targeted companies will soon be conducted. If illegal products are found-including obscene, pornographic, morally indefensible and violence-or crime-inducing content-the ministry will impose penalties and publish the results.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "More measures against school bullying have been rolled out in different districts in Beijing to put a stop to the illegal practice. Dongcheng district in Beijing has asked schools to report bullying incidence to education authorities within 10 minutes of its occurrence and submit written report within two hours, reported Beijing Youth Daily. The move came after the city's education commission pledged to step up efforts against bullying in primary and middle schools earlier this year. Haidian district told schools to include anti-bullying efforts in their work plans and educate students of the harm and prevention of bullying and the legal responsibilities involved. Fengtai district specified the responsibility of schools in preventing bullying and made detailed requirements on how education officials, principals and teachers should be evaluated on their anti-bullying efforts. Bullying has long been a ghost that has haunted many students in primary and secondary schools. According to a report published by China Emergency Management Society in 2017, one in fourth of polled primary and secondary school students has been bullied in school. Bullying often occurs at hidden places, Song Yanhui, an associate professor at China Youth University of Political Studies, told China National Radio. \"Places such as toilet are where many cases of bullying take place, because it is out of the reach of video surveillance.\" Bullying at such places has made headlines many times in recent years. In 2017, five students in a school in Beijing's Yanqing district were put in administrative detention for forcing a schoolmate to touch excrement in toilet. In December 2016, a Beijing mother's article describing her 10-year-old son's being bullied at school went viral. The fourth-grade boy had a toilet paper basket thrown on his head and was being mocked by classmates. After that, he was diagnosed with an acute stress disorder.", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "Flower grower Wei Caiyu, 47, leans over in a field of jasmine and quickly picks some fragrant flower buds. She is anxious to get on her motorcycle to sell the fresh jasmine in the market before it rains. It's 9:30 am in mid-October and she is heading out for the fourth time - and the price differs each time. \"My waist aches after bending down for a long time, and the sun is hot most of the time. It's tiring work, but the effort is worthwhile because of its profitability,\" said Wei, from Hengxian county in Nanning, Guangxi Zhuang autonomous region. Her family owns 0.13 hectares of jasmine bushes that were planted nearly three decades ago. The annual income is about 30,000 yuan ($4,300) from a good harvest, which is about 10 times that of growing grains on the same amount of land. The jasmine flowering season runs from May to October. Like other local growers, Wei picks flower buds from dawn to dusk during the peak season - from May to August - and does odd jobs in the offseason. Hengxian started to plant jasmine on a large scale in 1978, when China launched its reform and opening-up policy. In 2017, the county had 7,000 hectares of jasmine and about 330,000 growers. It produced a total of 85,000 metric tons of jasmine last year. The county also boasts more than 130 jasmine tea companies, including Beijing brand Zhang Yi Yuan. \"Our jasmine tea industry is mature. The current focus of work is to acquire more added value from jasmine and extend our industrial chain,\" county head Zeng Pengxin said. \"Jasmine is of great value in skin care and health maintenance, and it's also a medicinal plant. It's an untapped market and we're looking for institutions to do related research.\" He believes it's important for government to build Hengxian's jasmine as a brand through good policies. He also noticed that in recent years local jasmine-related products have become more diverse, ranging from skin-care products and snacks to bonsai. Huang Shanzhen, general manager of Guangxi Shunlai Tea Co, which owns Zhou Shun Lai, a local jasmine tea brand that dates back to 1886, said it's important to keep pace with the era, so she's working hard to develop new products based on jasmine. \"I like the tea business because it makes people healthy. Also, you can do various things related to jasmine,\" she said. Huang is planning to launch a milk tea shop next spring in Nanning, selling milk tea made with jasmine. \"Besides our signature jasmine tea, we have to offer new products to target young Chinese. The milk tea market has great potential in China. Drinking it has become a part of the social life of young people, including my 18-year-old daughter,\" she said. The company started selling skin-care and fragrance products made with jasmine flowers last year. Its jasmine essence oil is popular. Huang said there was only jasmine green tea in the past, and now there are other types in the market, such as jasmine black tea and jasmine pu'er tea. \"It's an old brand, but our packages should showcase youthful vigor to attract young customers,\" she said. Bi Donghai, 29, is one of the pioneering sellers of jasmine bonsai, an uncommon species in the market. He started his business in 2017 and sold plants at an average price of 350 yuan. His customers are mainly middle-aged and elderly. Bi, now the Party secretary of Hengxian county's Dong'an village, said flower growers often dig up the jasmine stalks that were planted three decades ago because of their poor nutrition and yield. He seeks out and buys these wide stalks from growers and spends at least half a year carefully reviving them. When the jasmine stalks are prosperous and blooming again, he will cut them into beautiful shapes and sell them to customers. He and his team spent a lot of money in 2016 to figure out a way to make the jasmine bonsai. \"It's of artistic value. I'm confident about its potential market,\" Bi said. On the other hand, Bi said young people prefer smaller, cheaper, potted jasmine, rather than bonsai, to which value is often added by the artistic factor. They're satisfied that they'll be able to enjoy the fragrance at a cost of about 20 yuan. His potted jasmine is sold mostly to Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou and Zhengzhou. \"In the early years, the locals would sell jasmine seedlings to people from other places. Customers had no idea that the fragrant jasmine originated from our county,\" he said. In 2015, residents started to sell potted jasmine. Bi is working hard to ensure the quality of his potted jasmine and to import other species from overseas. \"Many flower growers still plant jasmine in a traditional way. But I'm adopting modern technology such as soilless cultivation, and quality criteria for potted jasmine,\" Bi said. His company also helped provide jobs to local villagers. Like local traders and companies, his market relies mainly on e-commerce. In 2015, Hengxian became Guangxi's first model county in Alibaba's Rural Taobao Program. \"While the program focuses on turning rural residents into online shoppers, the government is also working hard to encourage local traders and companies to sell farm products on e-commerce sites by providing subsidies,\" county head Zeng said. In past years, the county has established a logistics system with delivery costs much lower than before. It has a network of rural e-commerce service centers covering more than 80 percent of all administrative villages. \"The development of e-commerce not only greatly increases companies' sales but also boosts poverty relief work. For example, the supply of passion fruit in a village falls short of demand online, while in the past nobody wanted to buy any, even at half price,\" he said. He said migrant workers are lured to the county because they can earn a decent salary in their hometown without much pressure.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Sixty works of French sculptor Jean-Charles Pigeau are on display at the Padma Art Space in Beijing since April 13. The solo exhibition, entitled A Journey through Cultures, presents Pigeau's works on Chinese Buddhism, Taoist beliefs and the porcelain culture, besides works on the ancient Mayan civilization of Mexico. Pigeau, who graduated from l'Ecole nationale superieure des Beaux-arts de Paris, has been traveling around countries with ancient civilizations since the 1990s, creating contemporary art pieces with inspiration drawn from historical and cultural scenes. His friend, French critic Philippe Piguet described his works as in a form between architecture and sculpture.,Piguet thinks Pigeau's works are able to invite the audience to reconsider and get to know about the world. Pigeau's Chinese destinations for artistic inspiration have included Beijing, Hangzhou in Zhejiang province, Leshan in Sichuan province, the grottoes of Gansu province's Dunhuang and Henan province's Longmen, as well as Dehua county, in Fujian province, known for white porcelain produced there. Three pieces of his series Akade, or meditative spaces, are exhibited, conveying his understanding of Buddhism. The outer surfaces of two of these works, one made of plaster and another of marble, look like samsara pagodas, while the hollowed-out golden insides resemble the contours of the Buddha.,However, he used only plaster to create the third work on show, giving it the look of a hollowed-out Buddha in of traditional Chinese folk style. Pigeau's gilt plaster work Emptines is also being shown at the exhibition. For the work, he says he was inspired by cong \u00a1\u00aa a traditional jade cylinder used in religious rituals, with its outer layer being square and the inner layer being round. The sculpture, which looks like a roofless cube and has a small, rectangular \"window\" on one side and a mirror at the bottom. Meanwhile, Pigeau has been living in Dehua, studying the white porcelain techniques and culture there. His 2017 work Dunhuang is an uneven circular ring with a crack that looks like outline of the reclining Buddha in Dunhuang.,Similarly, another white porcelain work has the outline of the Leshan Giant Buddha. Besides sculpture and installations, the exhibits also include pinhole photography works and charcoal paintings of the Great Wall and Lama Temple in Beijing, the Longmen Grottoes in Luoyang, in Henan province, as well as the Lingyin Temple in Hangzhou. Pigeau uses simple techniques to embody great inner strength, says Yi Xi, the curator. The exhibition runs through May 19.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "President Xi Jinping paid an inspection visit to Xiongan New Area in Hebei province Wednesday morning. He was informed about the general plan of the State-level new area, its policies and construction process and have interactions with local people. This is Xi's second visit to Xiongan. His first tour took place on Feb 23, 2017, when he chaired a meeting for the plan and construction of Xiongan New Area. Hailed as part of the \"millennium strategy\", the new area was officially announced in April 2017. It is located about 100 km southwest of Beijing. Its main function is to serve as a development hub for the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei economic triangle. Additionally, \"non-core\" functions of the Chinese capital are expected to migrate here, including offices of some State-owned enterprises, government agencies, and research and development facilities.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Over the weekend, Wang Fuman spent three days in Beijing living his dreams. The 8-year-old, known online as \"Snowflake Boy\", met his idols-the Beijing SWAT team-and took a class at China's top police academy. On Monday night, he returned to reality in his impoverished village in Yunnan province, where he lives with his father, older sister and grandmother. His mother walked out over two years ago. When the now-famous image of Wang with his head covered in icicles went viral this month, it attracted national and even international attention to the plight of children living in poverty. The frosty hairdo was the result of Wang walking more than 4 kilometers to reach school in subzero temperatures. The story also illustrated a deeper trend, which is the sheer number of children in poor rural areas who are growing up without mothers, a situation educators and experts warn can often have long-lasting effects on a child's mental health and life prospects. Wang and his family arrived in the capital on Friday on a trip arranged by chinapeace.gov.cn, a website affiliated with the Commission for Political and Legal Affairs of the Communist Party of China Central Committee. The boy, who dreams of becoming a police officer one day, was given a tour of the SWAT team's headquarters and the People's Public Security University of China. The giant city must have seemed on a different planet from his village, Zhuanshanbao, which is home to 540 families, almost half of whom live below the poverty line of 2,952 yuan ($463) in annual earnings. Fu Heng, principal of Zhuanshanbao Lihuimiaopu Primary School, where Wang is one of 140 students, said at least eight of the children never see their mothers. Observations by China Daily reporters who have covered stories in impoverished areas nationwide suggest the problem is not an isolated one. Li Yifei, a professor at Beijing Normal University's Faculty of Education who has conducted extensive studies of children in rural China, said now villagers are free to travel more widely than ever before in search of employment opportunities, the incidence of broken families has soared. The problem is often exacerbated because many migrant worker parents who experience city life are unwilling to return to their rundown villages or their spouses, he added.,While both mothers and fathers are raising children in single-parent families, anecdotal evidence suggests that women account for the majority of people who end marriages and leave impoverished areas. Wang Gangming, head of Zhuanshanbao village, told Beijing News that women from other areas who marry local men often struggle to cope with the bad weather and poor conditions. In most cases, he said, they simply leave. Moreover, many villagers fail to obtain official marriage certificates, so their unions are not legal. That means women can leave without going through regular divorce proceedings, he added. In the countryside, it is traditional for women to move into their husband's home after marriage, which usually means living with his parents and even grandparents. Many women find it difficult to adjust to the new situation, and in the event of marital disputes, it is unlikely the family will be sympathetic to the wife's cause. Without family support, the situation can take such a heavy toll that some women see no option other than leaving home. However, ultimately, their children are the real victims, according to Li. \"Living in poverty will make a child unhappy about their immediate life, but growing up without a mother or a father can also make them feel hopeless about the future,\" he said. \"Those combined factors could make them suicidal or even want to somehow take revenge in later life, which may result in severe social problems when these children reach adulthood.\" Last year, Li conducted a study of the psychological conditions of children in rural areas who are growing up without one or both parents. \"Although there are similarities, the impact on children who grow up in single-parent and poor families is obviously more pronounced than for 'left-behind children', those growing up in the countryside who rarely see their parents who are migrant workers in distant cities,\" he said. \"The psychological trauma is more severe and their behavior is more extreme.\" Fu, the school principal, has noticed that students from broken families, especially those without a mother, quickly start displaying both positive and negative responses, but the negative effects are \"much stronger\". His observations show that these students are more independent and stronger than their peers. \"For example, they can cook and do heavy housework on their own, and can even look after the whole family,\" he said. \"They don't want to be independent like that; they just don't have a choice.\" Fu, who originally shared the \"Snowflake Boy\" photo on social media, said he did so because he was not only struck by Wang Fuman's appearance, but also by the boy's stoic attitude. However, he added that students in Wang's situation usually perform poorly in coursework and also tend to be introverted and stubborn. They may even exhibit extreme behavior. \"One of the things that hurts them most is being called 'motherless' by other students. Sometimes they don't react immediately, but they bear grudges and later throw punches at the people who made the comment,\" he said.,When asked by a reporter in Beijing if he misses his mother, Wang responded calmly. \"No. I don't think about her anymore because my heart would be broken again if I did,\" he said. As a result of its remote location and poor transportation infrastructure, Zhuanshanbao is one of the poorest villages in Xinjie township. Wang Gangkui, 28, the boy's father, works on a construction site. He said his wife, Lu Dafeng, asked for a divorce at the end of 2015 because she could no longer bear their impoverished existence, especially as the family was in debt. Wang Gangkui refused Lu's request, so several days later she left home without telling anyone. Her husband tried to contact her, but Lu had changed her cellphone number. \"Fuman and his sister cried a lot after discovering that their mother had gone. They really wanted her to come back, but I lied and told them that she had left to look for work elsewhere,\" he said. Lu returned to the village in July. Once again, she asked for a divorce, and once again Wang Gangkui refused. Lu disappeared again three days later. The children cried again, and this time, Wang Gangkui told them that their mother had left them for good. \"After their mother left for the second time, the children stopped saying they missed her. They just wouldn't talk about it or cry for her like the first time,\" Wang Gangkui said.,Although Wang Fuman said he no longer thinks about his mother, the traumatic experience may cast a shadow over his life or even change it irrevocably, as happened to Tan Denghong. Tan, a resident of Yumuzhai village, Hubei province, was 9 years old when his mother left their poverty-stricken family and never returned. \"She left because of the poverty. When she left, we didn't even have enough to eat,\" said the 39-year-old, who quit school shortly after his mother disappeared. When he was 12, Tan left the village in Moudao township, and traveled to Guangdong province to look for work. Without parental care, he quickly went off the rails and began mixing with a bad crowd. \"My mother left and my father could not support me. I often felt hopeless and soon I just gave up hope,\" he said. When he was 16, Tan moved to Jiangsu province, where he joined a gang of thieves. Luckily, he managed to turn his life around and returned to his poverty-stricken village in 2008, following in his father's footsteps by raising goats. He is not the only person in the village whose mother left because they could not bear the poverty. \"I have not seen my mother since she left. Time has clouded my memories of her, but of course I miss her. After all, she gave me life,\" he said., Wang Fuman received star treatment as soon as he arrived in Beijing. He was followed by news crews and constantly stopped by people on the streets who wanted their photo taken with him. While the boy enjoyed the attention, his father expressed concern. \"Nothing will change. We will still be poor and his mother still won't contact us,\" said Wang Gangkui, who rarely spoke during their trip to Beijing. \"People will soon forget about us; I wonder how long that will take.\" Fu, the headmaster, was also worried about the effect the trip may have had on Wang Fuman. \"The media has focused on him too much in recent days, and that's not good for him. He should return to his normal life,\" he said. However, Li, the professor at Beijing Normal University, said the visit to the capital may have been beneficial because it may have given Wang Fuman a sense of purpose and something to aspire to. \"We should not forget that there are so many children like him in China. Only poverty alleviation can help to reduce the number of parents leaving their children in the countryside, and provide children with a healthier environment to grow up in,\" he said. Wang Fuman, who seemed almost unaffected by the attention, said he prefers to be called by his real name rather than \"Snowflake Boy\". The third grader has never missed a day of school, no matter how many times he has fallen on the slippery mountain road or been ridiculed because his mother has left the family. \"I just want to study as hard as I can so I can become a real policeman and take down bad people in the world,\" he said. Hou Liqiang contributed to this story.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Aviation companies have demonstrated their confidence in the Chinese market at the ongoing China International Import Expo, with Airbus looking to capitalize on opportunities in helicopter emergency medical services. In his keynote speech at CIIE's opening ceremony on Monday, President Xi Jinping said China's imports of goods are expected to exceed $30 trillion in the next 15 years, with imports of services tipped to top $10 trillion. The next day, a deal worth more than 10 billion yuan ($1.44 billion) was signed between China Eastern Airlines, which is based in Shanghai, and British engineering giant Rolls-Royce for Trent XWB jet engines and longterm maintenance services. Ben Story, Rolls-Royce's strategic marketing director, said the agreement involves China Eastern's 20 Airbus A350 XWB aircraft and is part of more than $2 billion worth of contracts, agreements and memorandums of understanding signed between Rolls-Royce and major Chinese airlines at CIIE. The company expects to sign more than a dozen deals with multiple customers at the expo across all its business sectors, including civil aerospace and power systems. Story said CIIE is a sign of the growing maturity of China's economy as the country seeks to better balance imports and exports, along with recognition of its status as a key market, and a demonstration of its openness to trade. \"So there are really positive signs and symbols coming out of this,\" he said. \"In the longer term, it's such a good way to really build our presence here, to build our capability here, to build our relationships here.\" China is Rolls-Royce's fastest-growing market and became its second-largest market after the United States last year, contributing 12 percent of the group's 15 billion pounds ($19.69 billion) global revenue. Its businesses in China cover the civil aerospace, marine, power systems and civil nuclear sectors. \"I want China to be one of the key pillars of the whole organization, where we find some of the best talent, best capabilities for the whole organization's benefit. ... it's a good chance it will become our largest market,\" Story said. George Xu, CEO of Airbus China, said: \"The expo gives the international community a sense of China's solid efforts to open its market and share opportunities. At a time of rising protectionism, China's sincerity is unmistakable.\" Airbus is looking to maintain its position as the market leader for helicopters in China. \"China used to be seen as the world's factory, but now it is seen as the world's market,\" Marie-Agnes Veve, head of Airbus Helicopters in China, said at CIIE. \"It's a fast-growing market, and as such we see lots of opportunities here. Although we have been in China for 50 years and are currently the leader in the helicopter market, we want to continue to be the main actor here in the years to come.\" Veve said 85 operators in China fly Airbus helicopters for utility missions in the oil and gas, agriculture and transportation industries. In contrast, there are hardly any operators in the helicopter emergency medical services segment. \"There are only two HEMS operators for a country as huge as China,\" she said. \"This just shows how much potential there is in this particular market. We have already got HEMS helicopters in Beijing and are now starting in Qingdao (in Shandong province). We want to equip all the Chinese cities.\"", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "China should scrap all height requirements for teachers in order to end discrimination and promote fairness in employment, experts said, after a woman in Northwest China was denied her teaching credentials because she was too short. Xiong Bingqi, deputy director of the 21st Century Education Research Institute in Beijing, said the country should have unified standards and stop allowing provinces to make their own rules. There is no reason that some provinces should have height requirements while others don't, and the practice might lead to abuses such as bribery, he said. Cnwest.com reported on Wednesday that the teacher candidate, a recent graduate who is 1.4 meters tall and identified only by her surname Li, was told she had failed the accrediting test after a medical examination in June. Female applicants should be at least 1.5 meters tall, and males 1.55 meters to qualify as teachers in Shaanxi, according to the local education department. Huang Huairong, an education professor at Beijing Normal University, said there is no requirement in the Teacher's Law preventing short people from becoming teachers, and height has nothing to do with whether someone is qualified. \"My four years of college will be for nothing and I may even breach the agreement with the school if I cannot get the teaching credentials,\" Li was quoted as saying. She was admitted as an English major at Shaanxi Normal University in 2014. As a government-funded student, Li paid no tuition, but is required to teach at local schools after graduation. \"The university should have informed me four years ago when I was admitted,\" Li was quoted as saying. \"The university is just doing what it has been told to do,\" a spokesperson for Shaanxi Normal University told the website. \"We don't make the rules. We follow the instructions of the Shaanxi Education Department.\" An official surnamed Yang from the education department told the website it will deal with the case appropriately, and it plans to drop the requirement next year. Shaanxi would be the latest province to remove the height requirement for teachers, following others such as Sichuan and Jiangxi. The Guangxi Zhuang autonomous region also eliminated the rule.", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "Child safety experts said efforts to prevent accidents and help children deal with the aftermath of incidents face many challenges in smaller cities and rural regions as a result of traditional ideas and a lack of educators in the field. In recent years, Cui Minyan, chief representative of the China office of the NGO Safe Kids Worldwide, has led a team that travels around the country providing information about the importance of safety features, such as baby seats in cars. She has found that the response in rural areas is very different to that in cities and towns. \"In big cities such as Shanghai and Beijing, large numbers of parents stop and listen to our open-air lectures, but audience numbers are lower in small cities and rural areas,\" she said. Experts have noted that more accidents occur in rural areas than in urban spaces. A survey of about 2,400 youngsters in Beijing age 14 and younger showed that 190 urban residents and 215 children from the capital's rural areas were involved in accidents in 2014, according to a report in the journal Occupational Health and Emergency Rescue. The experts said parents in larger cities are usually more open minded as a result of a higher level of education and easy access to information about providing safe environments for children. \"However, in smaller places people may be influenced by peer pressure and reject suggestions that they should take precautions against safety hazards. Very often they say, 'I don't know anyone who is taking such precautions,'\" said Li Hao, director of the Trauma Treatment Center at the Children's Hospital of Fudan University in Shanghai. Residents of smaller cities and rural areas are also more likely to be influenced by traditional concepts; for example, many believe that holding a baby in their arms is safer than strapping them into baby seats, according to the experts. Cui recalled the reaction when her team visited a hospital in a second-tier city to explain the importance of using baby seats in cars. \"The parents looked at us with astonishment. The expression in their eyes was as if they were saying 'No way',\" she said. Child safety experts also encourage schools in small cities and rural areas to provide specific safety education for students rather than simply reading out bulletins on the school address system outlining the dangers of playing in or near water during hot summer weather. Cui said schools can download and use a number of online teaching aids designed for children of different ages produced by NGOs and voluntary organizations. For example, an online behavior-oriented educational package produced by Safe Kids Worldwide has been used by schools in Shanghai, Beijing and Shijiazhuang, Hebei province, for several years. \"Our classes are not just about giving instruction. We aim to prompt changes in behavior and the formation of new habits through learning and repeated practice,\" Cui said She explained that when the NGO teaches students about road safety, the points are illustrated by the use of model cars placed in the school playground to simulate the scene when a child crosses the road. It is important to separate the sequence of events because in real life people undertake actions step by step, she said. \"We must make children clearly understand the points at which they must look left and then look right before they start crossing. It's important for them to remember that they should only cross when they have assessed the situation on the street and made sure that drivers have seen them.\" She encouraged schools and kindergartens in large cities to share their good safety practices and experience - such as how to prevent accidents in crowded corridors - with schools in rural regions. ", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "BEIJING\u00a3\u00adNourEldin Mohamed Abdelaal, from Egypt, declined offers from a number of elite universities in the West and joined the Beijing Institute of Technology to study computer sciences in September. The 20-year-old had received multiple offers from universities in countries including the United States and Britain. The University of Cambridge also reserved a spot for him for his post-graduate studies. However, he said he was attracted by China's booming computer industry and decided to come to China for his bachelor's degree. NourEldin won the honor of \"Best Arab Young Innovator in the World\" in 2016 for his creation of a parallel network which exceeds the current internet speed by 32 times. \"China's computer industry is developing rapidly. I want to study here and find entrepreneurship opportunities,\" NourEldin says. NourEldin's decision to study in China is supported by his father, who worked for a Chinese automobile company in Egypt for many years. His father has made more than 20 business trips to China and says the country is a \"unique\" place. NourEldin came to Beijing in August 2017 to take a Chinese language course, but besides the language, he is also learning about traditional Chinese culture. He is now a big fan of Chinese tea and enjoys watching Peking Opera. After class on his first day at BIT, he went to Lao She Teahouse and watched a Peking Opera show with his dad. He likes the costumes and the singing. \"The high-pitched tunes are like a nightingale singing,\" he says.,After living in China for a year, NourEldin has fallen in love with Chinese cuisine. He can now cook Chinese braised eggplant, and he loves Chinese noodles, with his favorite dishes being braised beef noodles and Lanzhou ramen. \"Chinese culture made my life in Beijing more colorful and helped me to see the world from a different perspective,\" says NourEldin. His interest in Chinese culture is shared by his classmates. Kembabazi Barbara, a 21-year-old half-Chinese half-Ugandan, says the Spring Festival celebration is her favorite time of the year when all her family members sit around the table to eat. Her Ugandan father met her mother when they were studying at Huazhong University of Science and Technology in central China's Hubei province. \"I feel close to China because of my half-Chinese identity,\" she says. Every two or three years, her mother used to travel with Kembabazi to her hometown in Hubei province, visiting places like the Shennongjia Natural Reserve and the Three Gorges Dam. The Ugandan is a tai chi fan. She learned the art from her grandfather and won the first prize for her part in a tai chi group at the Xuzhou China International Wushu Competition in May. At the start of BIT's new semester, she was happy to pick up a weekly tai chi course. \"Chinese tai chi is famous in Uganda. It can help people maintain balance and remain tranquil in difficult situations,\" she says. Kembabazi enjoys the convenience of Beijing's modern lifestyle, riding shared bikes around the campus, shopping using mobile payment apps and exploring places in the city with her smartphone. \"I want to take technology from China to Uganda and make life in Uganda more convenient,\" she says. According to the Ministry of Education, 61,594 African students were on campus in Chinese universities, research institutions and other educational institutions in 2016, up 23.7 percent year on year, and representing 13.91 percent of total international students in China.,The ministry's statistics show that China now offers 43,000 training programs, over 20,000 governmental scholarships and more than 1,300 degree programs to students from African countries. Sovi-guidi W. Lionnel Pyrrhus, 23, from the Republic of Benin, is pursuing his master's degree in Teaching Chinese as a Foreign Language at Beijing Language and Culture University. Lionnel Pyrrhus started learning Chinese at the Confucius Institute at the University of Abomey-Calavi in 2014. Last year, he took part in the 16th \"Chinese Bridge\" Chinese Proficiency Competition where he bagged the second prize for the Africa region. His motivation to learn Chinese came from his fascination with kung fu. When he was young he used to watch a lot of movies and TV series featuring the Chinese martial art, and was especially impressed by Bruce Lee, Jackie Chan and Jet Li. \"I have been fascinated with kung fu ever since I was little, and my father told me that if I wanted to know a country, I needed to learn its language first,\" he says. He dreams of becoming a Chinese teacher in Benin. \"I want to take Chinese language and culture to Benin,\" Lionnel says.", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "The Beijing Education Commission canceled all outdoor activities on Monday for students in primary and secondary schools, kindergartens and vocational schools after strong winds led to four deaths in the capital. The high winds caused three pedestrian fatalities after a wall toppled in a commercial area near Dongzhimen in downtown Beijing at around 4:40 pm Sunday, according to Dongcheng district's micro blog. Two died at the scene and one at a hospital. A large tree was blown over in Xicheng district at about the same time and killed a deliveryman, Beijing Youth Daily reported. Earlier on Sunday, the Beijing Meteorological Service issued a blue alert for heavy winds expected to hit the capital from 10 am Sunday until Monday evening. The meteorological service warned that some areas might face level 7 wind gusts. It also warned people of the danger of falling objects. China has a four-color weather alert system, with red representing the most severe, followed by orange, yellow and blue. Another five district meteorological bureaus in Beijing successively upgraded alert levels to yellow later in the afternoon. The districts - Tongzhou, Yanqing, Changping, Huairou and Shunyi - were hit by strong winds of levels 8 to 9 and some areas reaching level 10 - from 88 to 102 kilometers per hour. Zhao Wei, a chief forecaster with the meteorological service, said that due to the high temperatures in the capital over the past few days, atmospheric conditions were ripe for powerful gusts. \"It's common to see windy days in Beijing, especially during the transition from Spring to Summer,\" she said. \"However, the strength this time is much more than expected.\" By 6 pm Sunday, 51 out of 1,561 scheduled flights had been canceled at Beijing Capital International Airport, and two trains to the capital were delayed, according to transport authorities. Li Zhaonan, a 27-year-old white-collar worker in Beijing, said he was frightened by the bumpy arrival of his flight to Beijing on Monday. \"My heart was in my mouth for about 20 minutes as the plane was tossed around,\" he said. Some large trees downed by strong winds fell across railway lines from Chengde, Hebei province, to Beijing on Sunday afternoon. In Shunyi district, railway facilities were damaged and trains were delayed, the railway department said. A parade at the Conference on Dialogue of Asian Civilizations in Beijing and an affiliated food festival were both canceled Monday afternoon due to the weather. A regular light show at the International Horticultural Exhibition in Yanqing district was also called off on Monday.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "  A Chinese tourist group began a visit to South Korea on Saturday, eight months after package tours were halted because of a diplomatic dispute sparked by the US military's deployment of the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense system in the country. The tourist group of 32 people from Beijing will spend five days in Seoul, according to Sun Lichan, director of the marketing department of Haitao Travel, the tourism company that organized the trip. Any industry related to Lotte Group will be avoided in the company's new travel schedules, Sun said. The Lotte Duty Free Shop, a former popular shopping spot for Chinese tourists, will be replaced by the Shilla Duty Free Shop. Lotte Group, a retail giant in South Korea, accepted a plot of land in February in exchange for its Skyhill Golf Course in Seongju, where the US antimissile system will be deployed, a move that China strongly opposes. South Korea's trade and tourism industries saw downturns because of the THAAD issue. In March, Chinese travel agencies stopped selling package tours to South Korea after the THAAD deployment. \"As bilateral relations between the two sides have eased slowly recently, we began to reorganize group tours by contacting airline companies and travel agencies we can cooperate with in South Korea,\" Sun said. The company got a group visa to South Korea on Thursday\u00a3\u00adthe first group visa to the country since March, Sun said. The group took an Asiana Airlines flight from Beijing Capital International Airport to South Korea's Incheon International Airport on Saturday, she said. \"Tourism to South Korea will recover gradually, but it's still a long way from the situation of a year ago,\" Sun said. Xu Xiaolei, chief brand officer for China Youth Travel Service, said: \"Customer consultations about group tours or travel visas to South Korea, either in person at our offices or by phone or online, have increased recently, but we have little data about traveling to South Korea.\"   ", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Jose Boisjoli, president and CEO of BRP, or Bombardier Recreational Products Inc, believes senior executives must have outstanding ability to manage their time well. The head of the Quebec, Canada-headquartered manufacturer of snowmobiles, watercraft and off-road vehicles, has a simple philosophy: hard work and a balanced approach are key to a successful life. Those three abilities - time management, hard work and a balanced approach - have helped Boisjoli to push three product lines into the China market, where a consumption upgrade and the run-up to the 2022 Beijing Winter Olympics are proving to be timely advantages. Every time he visits China, he can't stop thinking about how many Chinese cities BRP's products have yet to reach. \"We see China as a big, big opportunity. We see it as a must-have and not a nice-to-have,\" he said during an early morning interview in Shanghai, after an overnight flight from Xi'an. An outdoor sports enthusiast, Boisjoli said China is no longer the distant outpost it once was for BRP. BRP is in talks with local partners in Chongqing municipality and the three autonomous regions of Guangxi Zhuang, Inner Mongolia and Xinjiang Uygur to further expand its dealership network in China. It also plans to introduce the product leasing business in China via tailor-made packages. Consumers can rent the products on certain days or a few weekends, instead of buying them. It's a business model that is fairly popular in North America and Europe. \"We will further expand sales channels, develop new products and sponsor well-known sport activities to enrich consumers' need for new lifestyles and holiday choices, so they can know more about our products,\" said Boisjoli, who is also a board member of McCain Foods Ltd, a Canadian food company that operates 54 plants across the world. The company supplied snowmobiles to the Organizing Committee of the Pyeongchang Olympic Winter Games in February and wants to cooperate with the Organizing Committee of the 2022 Beijing Winter Olympics and Paralympics to offer its products and expertise based on its requirement. The 2022 Games will be a major step forward in China's winter sports and ice and snow tourism sectors, said Boisjoli, who joined BRP almost 30 years ago. Under Boisjoli's leadership, BRP saw its revenue jump 8 percent last year to reach $4.5 billion. It currently has around 10,000 employees worldwide. BRP operates manufacturing facilities in Canada, the United States, Mexico, Finland, and Austria, which produce motorized recreational vehicles and power sports engines, the kind often seen in James Bond movies. BRP has a global sales network supported by 4,200 dealers and distributors, including 31 in China. Boisjoli said this figure will grow notably over the next five years. The company discovered that the market demand has been growing fast for personal watercraft, as well as Can-Am all-terrain vehicles in China. It will export its Can-Am Spyder three-wheel motorcycle products to China soon after receiving the necessary government approvals. As several ski resorts have opened in northern China over the past three years, more snowmobiles will be needed in those areas, Boisjoli said. \"We have constantly deployed our resources and manpower to develop different products for each season. This strategy is crucial to our dealers, so they can sell different products in different seasons to maintain a promising business. \"As the market competition is still fierce in China, what you need to succeed is reliable local partners, great products and to also ensure you have good after-sales service.\" At present, BRP imports its products into China, but if China's market is further developed and generates encouraging sales figures, the company would consider setting up manufacturing or research facilities in the country, Boisjoli said. \"In overseas markets, especially in Europe and the US, people have the adventure tradition,\" said Xia Hong, a marketing professor at Beijing Technology and Business University. \"We found a growing number of consumers, especially middle-income earners and millennials in China, have adopted this (adventure-loving) lifestyle as they are willing to pay more to enlarge their experience in outdoor activities and they want better equipment,\" she said. The government is keen to build a healthier nation and eager to boost the outdoor sports sector through infrastructure and education. It has already announced it will build five national outdoor sports centers, 50 mountain trails with logistics facilities, 1,000 clubs for open-water sports including canoeing and sailing, and 2,000 aviation camps for sports such as paragliding and skydiving by 2020. So, high-end foreign powersports vehicles and propulsion systems, and related investment, will be consistent with the overall trend and benefit China's economy in the long run, Xia said.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "BEIJING - With its own development and becoming increasingly closer to the center of the world stage, China has been injecting positive energy into the international community in pursuit of better global governance over recent years. At the 86th Interpol General Assembly held in Beijing last week, China proposed a concept of common, comprehensive, cooperative and sustainable security to jointly respond to security challenges. At the BRICS' Xiamen Summit in early September, China put forward the \"BRICS Plus\" approach by inviting the leaders of Egypt, Mexico, Thailand, Tajikistan and Guinea to take part in a dialogue. BRICS began its second golden decade with the summit to make the grouping ever brighter. As the world's second largest economy and the biggest contributor of global economic growth, China's innovative concepts on improving global governance and promoting global peace and common prosperity have gained wide recognition and support from other countries. Undergoing structural reforms, China is implementing its new concept of innovative, coordinated, green, open and shared development, eyeing a quality growth model driven by innovation. Meanwhile, the country is assuming its international responsibility to promote common development with other countries in the interconnected world. The Belt and Road Initiative, building a community of shared future for mankind and the principle of extensive consultation, joint contribution and shared benefits, all proposed by China, have been incorporated in U.N. resolutions, showing wide international consensus on the concepts. Equality, mutual respect and win-win cooperation feature in the Chinese plans, which also safeguard the irreversible trend of globalization. After colonialism, imperialism and hegemonism, the world is ushering in an era of \"win-winism\" as initiated by China, a country which unswervingly adheres to its peaceful development path, according to Hu Angang, director of the center for China studies at Tsinghua University in Beijing. \"Win-winism\" highlights an open world economy for common development of all countries and joint efforts to address global challenges such as climate change and terrorism, and exchanges of different cultures, said the researcher. China has been actively assuming its international responsibility and participating in global governance by putting forward new concepts, thoughts and plans to reshape the global governance system, said Liu Wei, president of Renmin University of China, at a global governance forum on Saturday in Beijing. For example, the Silk Road spirit of peace and cooperation, openness and inclusiveness, mutual learning and mutual benefit has injected new momentum into global governance, said Liu. The world needs a new type of globalization, which calls for improving global governance and boosting common development, former Egyptian Prime Minister Essam Sharaf said at the forum. The Belt and Road Initiative, which is multilateral and open, is a global project and a response to global demands, he added.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Film director Wuershan is spending a decade adapting a classic novel into a film trilogy, Xu Fan reports. With a big budget and a crew of more than 2,000 members, Chinese film director Wuershan says he is spending a decade adapting a mythological epic into cinema. \"The Chinese film market has reached a phase and scale with which we can produce grand works that showcase the country's rich legacies in history and culture,\" Wuershan, who turned 47 in early June, says during an interview with China Daily. \"I have selected the most important work from my perspective and I expect to spend 10 years on the film project.\" His Fengshen Trilogy films is adapted from the Ming Dynasty (1368-1644) novel Fengshen Yanyi (Creation of the Gods), a mythical retelling of a war from more than 3,000 years ago. Its major storyline unfolds through a subsidiary state's ruler who leads an army to defeat a tyrant. The novel fictionalizes a turbulent era when two conflicting human forces get help from supernatural beings such as deities and spirits. A lot of money and time will be needed to bring the story onto the big screen, with special effects playing a major role. Fascinated by the novel since childhood, the filmmaker who was born in the Inner Mongolia autonomous region, announced the project's launch in 2012. Wuershan is one of China's best fantasy film directors, exemplified by the blockbusters Painted Skin: The Resurrection and Mojin: The Lost Legend. He chose Beijing Culture as a partner for the film project.,One of the fastest-growing entertainment media companies in China, Beijing Culture is credited with several hits, including the country's all-time top and second-highest grossing films, Wolf Warrior 2 and The Wandering Earth, respectively. From 2016 to 2017, the trilogy project launched a campaign to short list 30 young people from more than 15,000 aspirants. Of the winners, 16 were selected to join the cast, with six playing major characters. Du Yang, vice-president of Beijing Culture, says the cast consists of A-list stars, veteran actors and young people, but doesn't reveal the names. The trilogy, which is now being shot in the coastal city of Qingdao, Shandong province, is scheduled to release its three feature-length films consecutively every year from 2020 to 2022. Last year, all the youngsters on the project had a six-month training in Chinese history, culture, ancient etiquette, horse riding and so on. And some who play spirits in avatars of animals were given extra study material on the habits of wild creatures. The trilogy marks the acting debut of a woman who plays Su Daji, a vixen spirit embodying a beautiful woman who bewitches King Zhou, hastening the fall of the dictator, in the novel. Wuershan says he has asked her to research on foxes to prepare for her role. Barrie M. Osborne, the trilogy's production consultant says as a result the woman is now good at simulating fox emotions and moves. Best known as a producer of The Lord of the Rings franchise, Osborne's experience during the shooting of the Peter Jackson epic trilogy will help Fengshen's production process, during which the three films are being shot simultaneously. Movie sequels in China are usually shot after watching how the first installments do at the box office.,The producers of the Fengshen trilogy have acquired more than 30 horses from abroad including Germany, the Netherlands and Hungary, and have kept them in a ranch of 1,800 square meters in Qingdao. Bill Lawrence, a US horse trainer who worked on Steven Spielberg's 2011 film War Horse, is now training the horses for the Chinese films. The young people who will play warriors or princes are being trained to shoot arrows from horsebacks. No stand-ins are being used for such roles, says the director. \"Previously, most of the cast members that I worked with were big stars. This project also marks my first time working with newcomers on a large scale,\" Wuershan says. This might have been the only way to realize his dream project, as celebrities charge more in film fees and their schedules are busy, with less time for preparation. \"I am too stressed to fall asleep each night before the day when a youngster begins to shoot for his or her first sequence. Fortunately, they are all living up to my expectations, \"he says. As the story takes place around more than 3,000 years ago but the novel was shaped in recent centuries, the films' sets and costumes are a mix of different dynastic styles. The director draws inspiration from bronze artifacts of the Shang (c. 16th century-11th century BC) and Zhou (c. 11th century-256 BC) dynasties at museums, the shuilu (water and land) paintings between the 13th century and 15th century, and landscape paintings of the Song Dynasty (960-1279). \"Chinese culture features an enduring history. I wish that such legacies are not only displayed in museums or seen in some foreign films featuring a few Chinatown-set scenes but showcased in an epic which can go abroad,\" he says. Around 800 carpenters from Shexian county in Anhui province and Dongyang city in Zhejiang province were recruited to make wooden sculptures for King Zhou's lavish palaces. The main royal palace, which totally took 35,000 hours to design and build, has installed more than 3,000 oil lamps. At least 40,000 pieces of props, including weapons, costumes, carriages and vessels are being made. \"The novel has values that could be passed down generations,\" says Wuershan, adding that he wants to connect audiences of different ages through the films.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Discover the best things to do in Beijing in March with our roundup of art and exhibitions, music, performances and trending activities around town.To recommend an upcoming event or activity, please contact  is being held at the Tianqiao Performing Arts Center through Mar 10.  A French pop-rock musical portraying the legendary life of musician Mozart, the show uses both original pop-rock compositions and classical music composed by Mozart. With bold rock music and classical Baroque-styled costumes, combining modern representation techniques as well as magnificent European court stage design, the show will present the incomparable talent of Mozart in an innovative way. The performance is in French with Chinese subtitles. Learn more  .,Niki de Saint Phalle is a French-American sculptor, painter, and filmmaker, who also is one of the most legendary female artists in the 20th century. The Today Art Museum is presenting a retrospective exhibition of the renowned artist. Following a timeline, the exhibition presents important works of Saint Phalle since the 1960s and her comprehensive practice in painting, sculpture, performing art, feminist art, large-scale public art and film. Learn more  . Tickets: 30 yuan,Jazz at Lincoln Center Orchestra and trumpet master Wynton Marsalis will join hands to tour three Chinese cities: Shenzhen, Beijing and Tianjin in March, bringing the most popular jazz music from the US. Their Beijing stop will be on March 20. Get the ticket  .,One of today's most sought-after conductors, acclaimed worldwide for his incisive musicianship and adventurous artistic commitment, Vladimir Jurowski will take the baton to lead London Philharmonic Orchestra in Beijing on March 14. The concert also will feature one of the world's leading violinists, Julia Fischer. The repertoire includes Richard Strauss's  Felix Mendelssohn's   and Johannes Brahms's  Learn more  .,An ongoing exhibition at the Capital Museum showcases a fine collection of art and handicrafts from the National Museum in Wroc?aw, Poland, through March 24, taking visitors to the glorious Baroque period. Exhibition  features nearly 80 exhibits created in the second half of the 17th century, a period during which Silesia made great effort at rebuilding its artistic potential. Learn more  .,A photo exhibition at the Overseas Chinese History Museum of China focuses on the lesser-known cowboy culture in Brazil. The 70 pictures on show were taken in 2018 by Wang Weiguang, a Brazil-based Chinese photographer during his 5,000-km drive in the South American country. They showcase the nomadic cowboys' lifestyle in Sertao, a dry region in the northeast of Brazil. Learn more  .,British artist Marc Quinn, 55, focuses on themes like art and science, the human body and emotion, identity and the perception of beauty. And his first exhibition, Marc Quinn: Under the Skin, will be staged at the Art Museum of Central Academy of Fine Arts in Beijing from March 8 to May 1. Learn more  .", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Philosophy is the study of general and fundamental problems concerning matters such as existence, knowledge, values, reason, the mind and language. The word comes from the Greek philosophia, combining the words philo (love of ), and sophia (wisdom). Yet the rapid advance of science and technology has made many feel that philosophy is increasingly irrelevant in modern times. The fact that it is incapable of solving practical problems that have emerged as a result of rapid social and technological development has reinforced people's skepticism toward the academic discipline. And for a long time, philosophy has been regarded as something of a riddle by many observers. Li Kun, a doctoral candidate majoring in art philosophy at Central South University in Changsha, Hunan province, said: \"Philosophy raises new questions, and it gives people a deep and profound understanding of issues. And it has guided, if not created, new branches of science to resolve these questions.\" Li is among the 8,000 participants from 121 countries and regions who attended the 24th World Philosophy Congress in Beijing, which ends on Monday. Philosophy took center stage in China in the 1980s after the \"cultural revolution\" (1966-76) and the reform and opening-up of the country both created a collective intellectual hunger, and also brought about the possibility of accessing Western thought and embracing new thinking. Yet a period that featured the popularity of Western thought and the further decline of traditional Chinese culture and philosophy gradually gave way to rapid economic growth and extensive social evolution in the early 1990s. Development flourished as idealism ebbed. Difficulties in society and worsening environmental problems have awakened many to the harsh challenges the nation faces, which they fear will jeopardize developmental sustainability. Zhang Fan, a doctoral student in philosophy at Southeast University in Nanjing, Jiangsu province, who is taking part in the congress, said philosophy can be a way for humans to resolve the challenges they face. Philosophers have their own way of contributing, Zhang said. \"Before asking how to solve problems, philosophers will contribute to the solution by researching the problems, by coming to an understanding of the issues, and by communicating what they have come to understand to the world.\" It is the first time China has hosted the World Congress of Philosophy, organized by the International Federation of Philosophical Societies, and established at the instigation of the United Nations Education, Scientific and Cultural Organization at the Amsterdam congress in 1948.,Zhang Shiying, a 97-year-old philosophy professor at Peking University, told the media the congress marked a significant and progressive step in world philosophy's integration of and exchanges between Chinese and Western philosophies. Themed \"Learn to be human\", the Beijing gathering is the largest in the event's history. The federation's president, Dermot Moran, said in his speech at the opening ceremony on Aug 13, \"The Congress is of groundbreaking and monumental significance for the future expansion and development of philosophy in its global context.\" Lin Jianhua, president of Peking University, said in his opening speech, \"The theme shows the close connections between contemporary philosophical reflection and common concerns of human beings, as well as philosophy's fundamental value in shaping human beings' spiritual life and public discourse.\" Li Xiaolong, a retiree in his 80s from Jinan, Shandong province, who is interested in studies of the ancient Chinese philosophers Confucius and Lao Tzu, has been closely following the Beijing gathering. That about 60 percent - or 5,000 - of the participants are from China, and many of them are interested in philosophy and are not professional researchers, shows not only the success of the meeting, but more important, Chinese people's new recognition of the importance of philosophy and knowledge, Li said. China has transformed its growth pattern from quantitative to qualitative, and paid more attention to addressing profound societal, cultural and ecological issues. \"It means a paradigm shift to sustainability, fairness and justice, which entails the rise of new thinking and more inclusive philosophical environments,\" Li said. Although some participants' ideas and papers appear \"ridiculous\" to a general audience, they are admitted by the Congress, and they are entitled to air their views. Li added: \"That's exactly the spirit of philosophy and shows how it has progressed. Thinking and debating should always be encouraged to help people approach the truth.\" The Congress is generally considered a platform for the exchange of ideas among philosophers, particularly those from Asia, Africa and Latin America who have long been represented - if not sometimes ignored - by their Western counterparts. Moran said: \"This congress will also, hopefully, have an enduring impact on international cultural relations, promoting mutual understanding, respect for traditions and trust around the world. New intercultural dialogues will be initiated; new international academic partnerships will be formed; hopefully new philosophy will emerge.\" Hans-Julius Schneider, a professor of philosophy at Potsdam University in Germany, said that in an era haunted by terrorism, cultural and religious conflicts have emerged. Ethnocentrism and relativism should be avoided. What is needed is a more neutral concept - spirit - a philosophical idea that is shared by different cultures and religions, to define differences as well as commonalities, Schneider said.,The Beijing meeting also has symbolic meaning and practical value in the eyes of many, including the participants, as it provides global philosophical circles with inspiration from China. Luca Maria Scarantino, secretary-general of the federation, said, \"We perceive a growing awareness that what we usually term 'philosophy' is dramatically defective without the intellectual legacy of Chinese philosophy, culture and spirituality. \"Because of its inclusiveness and scholarly influence, this Congress may therefore represent a historical opportunity for reassessing the sense of philosophy, for enhancing the theoretical diversity of philosophical concepts, and for rethinking in widely comprehensive ways the notion of 'being' - or 'becoming' - human.\" Mogobe Ramose, a professor of philosophy at the University of South Africa, thinks that the Confucian virtue ren, which denotes the feeling of a virtuous human experience, shares similarities with ubuntu, a term used in Bantu languages to mean humanity, or \"the belief in a universal bond of sharing that connects all humanity\". This is because both require us to put ourselves in the place of others and spread love from oneself to others. Graham Parkes, a professor of philosophy at the University of Vienna in Austria, urged people to care more about living creatures beyond humans. The thoughts in traditional Chinese philosophy that all exists in qi - believed to be a vital force forming part of any living entity - and that all things form an organic whole are what modern times need most, he said. The Congress has 99 sections of contributed papers: including one entitled \"Chinese philosophy\" with four sub-headings: Pre-Qin philosophy (221BC-207BC); Philosophy from the Han (202BC-220) to the Qing (1644-1911); Modern Chinese philosophy; and Contemporary Chinese philosophy; as well as Confucian Philosophy, Buddhist Philosophy and Taoist Philosophy. There is a new section entitled Contemporary Philosophies in China, in recognition of the fact that not all philosophy in the country is Chinese, and also a separate section on Marxist Philosophy. Moran added: \"Clearly, these new sections are meant to reflect the complexity of the Chinese tradition of philosophy ... . We have much to learn from one another if we open our ears and our hearts and come prepared to have our presuppositions challenged in an atmosphere of friendly and supportive collegiality.\",Tu Weiming, a professor of philosophy at Peking University and professor emeritus and senior fellow at the Asia Center at Harvard University, played a key role in China winning the bid to host the conference, over Brazil. \"The first character in The Analects of Confucius is \"learning\", or xue in Chinese. Learning to be human is a ceaseless process of self-realization,\" he wrote in an article for China Daily eight years ago. This coincides with the themes of today's Congress - self, community, nature, and spirit and tradition. Humanity is a notion central to Confucianism. Tu, in advocating New Confucianism, firmly believes the ancient philosophy contains rich resources of wisdom to help deal with present-day problems, and that China's fast development has provided an ideal platform for New Confucianism to unfold. \"The sun of philosophy rose in Greece, but should not set in Greece\", he added. Its rays should be able to fall on the whole world, including countries with ancient civilizations, such as those in Asia and Latin America. In the 1980s, long lines formed outside bookstores in China for the newly published translated works of the German philosopher Martin Heidegger. But nowadays Chinese are taking a more measured approach in their observations of both Western and Chinese philosophy. This represents a historical turning point from the blind pursuit of Western thought, which dates to the late Qing Dynasty, to more rational attitudes to \"others\" and \"self\". Ding Yun, a professor of philosophy at Fudan University, Shanghai, wrote in a thesis published last year, \"The Chinese people now have their own judgment of Western philosophical history as a whole, and they are intent on drawing nutrition from it to nourish modern Chinese philosophy\" so as to better reflect and meet the practical needs of Chinese society. Tu believes that now is the right time for a dialogue among civilizations that focuses on the core values necessary for human survival and progress. \"Civilizations do not clash. Only ignorance does. The danger of shared vulnerability as well as the hope of shared aspiration impels us to move beyond unilateralism in order to work toward a dialogical civilization,\" Tu said. In the age of reason, when the Enlightenment movement began to shape the Western mindset, leading thinkers such as Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz (1646-1716), Voltaire (1694-1778) and Jean-Jacques Rousseau (1712-78), took China as an important reference country and Confucianism as a significant reference culture. Tu said that with an eye on the future, it is likely that the spirit of East Asian modernity imbued with Confucian characteristics will serve as a reference point for public intellectuals in North America and Western Europe as well as for intellectuals elsewhere in the world. Wang Keju and Zou Shuo contributed to this story. liyang@chinadaily.com.cn", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "  Two gunshots were heard at the Bethune International Peace Hospital in Shijiazhuang, Hebei province, in December 1949. A Japanese doctor was shot dead by Sha Fei (1912-50), a patient of tuberculosis and a noted photographer of the People's Liberation Army. Two months later, Sha was sentenced to death by a military court in China. A retrial in 1986 acquitted Sha posthumously saying he was in mental distress as he was reminded of the cruelty of war scenes when seeing the Japanese doctor, and he thought the doctor had attempted to poison him. Sha took up photography in the 1930s and became the first full-time photographer of the Eighth Route Army led by the Communist Party of China around 1937. But, Sha's career as a photographer was short lived, and his work was not studied or presented until in recent times. A Tower of Light, an exhibition now on at the museum of Beijing Fine Art Academy, sheds light on Sha's contribution to 20th-century Chinese photography. On show are some 100 images from Sha's oeuvre, which are printed from the negative plates owned by his family.,  The display includes his early works before Sha joined the Eight Route Army. Sha, whose birth name was Situ Chuan, was from Guangdong province. He changed his name to Sha Fei (\"flying sand\") saying that he wanted to be like a grain of sand and freely fly in the sky of his homeland. He started as a telegraph operator and later developed an interest in photography. As a photographer, he not only focused on scenery, but also, he zoomed in on those who struggled at the bottom of society such as rural women, children and adults in destitution, and rickshaw pullers. He held his first solo show in Guangzhou in 1936. In the preface for the show, he said: \"The undertaking of art is to help people understand themselves, transform society and regain freedom.\" He said that photographers should not separate themselves from society, but instead they should reach out to people from different walks of life. The late Li Hua, a friend and lithography artist, once said that Sha's works capture vividly the coexistence of people's desires and psychological battles, and each photo is \"like a painting that shows the vicissitudes of one's life and makes people reflect\".,  Sha later moved to Shanghai, where he met Lu Xun (1881-1936), the writer whom he photographed. The exhibition features two photos, in which Lu Xun is with young artists at a national woodcut exhibition. The writer avidly promoted wood engraving as a way to spread revolutionary ideas. There is also one of his last portraits by Sha at the show. Speaking about that picture, Sha had said that he rushed to Lu Xun's home after hearing about his death, and took the photo in great grief. After Sha was executed, people found on his body a box in which there were the negatives of the Lu Xun pictures, according to Yang Xiaoyan, a professor of Guangzhou-based Sun Yat-sen University. For Sha, Canadian physician and communist Norman Bethune (1890-1939) was another iconic face. The two met when they both served in the Jinchaji revolutionary area.,  One photo at the show depicts Bethune in the middle of an operation. It is one of dozens of snapshots focusing on soldiers in Jinchaji and battle scenes from the War of Resistance Against Japanese Aggression (1931-45). Through Sha's lens, people also see a lively, gentle side of Bethune. His other portraits at the exhibition show Bethune getting along with villagers, enjoying an egg dish cooked by his guardian, He Zixin, sunbathing and even swimming nude. Sha's signature works also capture moments when Nie Rongzhen (1899-1992), then Jinchaji's top commander, took care of an orphaned Japanese girl whose parents had died in a bombing.,  Commenting on the show, Wang Mingming, the director of the Beijing Fine Art Academy, says: \"Through Sha's eyes, people are able to review happenings in 20th-century China. \"He didn't showcase his photography skills. Nor did he hunt for novelty. \"He was involved in historic events, and he participated in acts to save the country from great danger. That is why his photos are of human interest and are artistically touching.\" 9 am-5 pm, Monday closed, through Sept 26. 12 Chaoyang Gongyuan Nan Lu, Chaoyang district, Beijing. 010-6502-5171.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "BEIJING -- President Xi Jinping urged the country's Olympic and world champions enrolled at Beijing Sport University to make greater contributions to China's sporting culture and society. \"I'm glad to know that you cherish your opportunity of pursuing further study while also training hard and promoting sports,\" Xi said in an open letter addressed to the postgraduate class of Olympic and world champions. Xi said he had watched a number of their competitions and hailed the athletes for \"fighting hard to achieve excellent results and win glory for our country at major international competitions.\" \"I hope you maintain your efforts, continue to build China into a leading sporting nation and bring more positive energy to Chinese society,\" Xi added. In 2003, Beijing Sport University set up a postgraduate class aimed solely at Olympic and world champion athletes. The class of 2016 recently wrote a letter to President Xi, detailing their studies and training regime. This class consists of eight Olympic champions, 14 world champions and two champion coaches.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "  An online post marking the 30th wedding anniversary of President Xi Jinping and his wife, Peng Liyuan, jumped in popularity on Friday after its release on a pair of mysterious social media accounts. The post, titled \"September 1, happy 30th anniversary of the marriage of Mr Xi and Ms Peng\", includes anecdotes from the marriage. It appeared on the accounts on social networks WeChat and Sina Weibo.  The weibo account suiyuan zhaji (journals with Yuan) has 1.88 million followers. Like an account with the same name on WeChat, it has released stories and photos \u00a1\u00aa many at close range \u00a1\u00aa about Peng, mostly on her overseas trips with Xi. It is unclear who is operating the accounts \u00a1\u00aa no official agency or authorized individual has taken responsibility.  \"What could be used as metaphor for the love between them? A cotton quilt,\" the report said on Friday, telling how Peng took a quilt to Xi from Beijing to Fujian province during a cold winter in the late 1980s. The couple had a long-distance relationship from 1987 to 2007, with Peng working in Beijing while Xi served in Fujian and Zhejiang provinces and Shanghai. The weibo report, forwarded more than 800 times, received over 1,500 likes on Friday afternoon. On WeChat, it had been read more than 100,000 times a few hours after its release. \"It's the best love I have ever seen. I wish our most beautiful sister a lovely, happy forever,\" WeChat user Wang Xiaoxia said, drawing more than 1,500 likes.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Of China's 31 provinces, municipalities and autonomous regions, 10 maintained double-digit growth in consumption last year, 21st Century Business Herald reported. Southwest China's Tibet autonomous region, with a growth rate of 14.2 percent, took the top spot nationwide, followed by East China's Anhui province (11.6 percent).Sichuan province and Yunnan province tied for third place with 11.1 percent. Last year, a total of 13 regions saw their consumption growth below 8 percent. Some developed regions such as Beijing and Tianjin saw growth at 2.7 percent and 1.7 percent respectively, placing them at the bottom two of the chart of 31 provincial-level regions. Meanwhile, Northeast China's Heilongjiang, Jilin and Liaoning provinces, as well as Northwest China's Xinjiang Uygur and Ningxia Hui autonomous regions, also saw slower growth rate of retail sales of consumer goods. However, slower growth doesn't mean consumption was downgrading, the newspaper said. According to the National Bureau of Statistics, last year, total retail sales of consumer goods rose 9 percent from a year ago to 38 trillion yuan ($5.66 trillion). Consumption played an increasingly bigger role in the economy, contributing 76.2 percent of GDP growth, up significantly by 18.6 percentage points from a year ago. Ning Jizhe, head of the National Bureau of Statistics, earlier said that China's consumption structure is upgrading overall as people's income rise. Consumption is expected to contribute to 65 percent of China's economic growth in 2019 and remain the largest contributor, said Wang Bin, deputy director of the Department of Market Operation and Consumption Promotion at the Ministry of Commerce, at a recent meeting. The newspaper said residents in Beijing and Tianjin, with higher income level, have lower demand for durable consumer goods such as food. That reflects consumption structure is changing, as they are spending more money on goods and services other than food. Engel coefficient, a measure of food expenditure as a proportion of total household spending, fell to 28.4 percent last year, down 0.9 percentage point from the previous year. People are becoming more rational when buying, said Yang Xiaoyan, a professor at Guangdong University of Foreign Studies, adding that it shows consumption is maturing rather than downgrading.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "More than 2,000 websites have been shut down for using or distributing pirated content, part of a national campaign against property theft, the top copyright authority said on Tuesday. During the six-month campaign to protect IP rights, which began in July, supervisory departments inspected 63,000 websites, shut down 2,554 sites and deleted 710,000 links involved in pirated content. Law enforcement officers confiscated 2.76 million pirated items, including books, CDs and DVDs. Copyright authorities filed some 543 cases involving alleged online infringement. Of those, 57 were investigated with police cooperation. The annual campaign, Internet Sword, was launched in 2005 and aims to tackle online copyright infringement. \"Copyright supervisory departments targeted films, news, applications and e-commerce platforms ... and received marked results,\" said Yu Cike, director of copyright management for the National Copyright Administration. One major case was a Beijing company that illegally provided 30,000 unauthorized articles to readers on its digital library. The company made 177,600 yuan ($27,600) in profit from the pirated material. A copyright law enforcement squad launched an investigation after receiving a tip from five copyright holders, including publisher Elsevier. In July, the Beijing company was fined 400,000 yuan. \"It is one of the biggest fines in copyright enforcement punishment, showing some determination against copyright infringement,\" Xiong Wei, deputy head of the copyright squad of integrated law enforcement in the cultural market in Beijing, said in an earlier interview. New areas are also being watched, Yu said. In the latest battle, copyright authorities discovered the first case of virtual reality technology being used to spread pirated films. A smartphone app illegally re-edited and re-digitalized films\u00a3\u00adwithout copyright authorization\u00a3\u00adusing virtual reality technology, and then posted the films on its platform. The films included Transformers and Ant-Man. Viewers were able to buy VR glasses through the app, download the pirated VR films and watch them on a mobile phone. The service started in July. The company was fined 30,000 yuan and it deleted the pirated films and clips from its app.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "The reflection of a ring on a large mirror attracts groups of visitors, who take out their phones and click many photos that will later be shared on social media. Olafur Eliasson, who has created the artwork for his first show in Beijing, is getting used to Chinese audiences. At the Red Brick Art Museum in Beijing, the Icelandic-Danish artist is presenting more than 30 immersive installations, sculptures and paintings. At the opening of the show, entitled Unspeakable Openness of Things, on March 23, large crowds came to the museum. Eliasson says he wants people to enjoy his show through physical experience, such as feeling and smelling instead of only seeing it through phone cameras.,The 51-year-old is known for his use of such elements as lights, water, fog and shadow to create natural effects of waterfalls and rainbows. His installation Weather Project that recreated a sun at Tate Modern Museum in London reportedly attracted 2 million visitors within six months in 2003. \"I won't ban phones. I encourage people to put down their phones and feel my work in a more physical way. Go under the water and feel the rainbow,\" says Eliasson, referring to his large-scale installation Rainbow Assembly, a circular \"curtain of mist\" that has shimmering rainbows on its inward-facing side. The artist says, sometimes, he too takes photos of his own works first and shares them on Instagram. But he hopes viewers feel more and sense more. Tomorrow Resonator and Yesterday Resonator is an installation he has made for the Beijing show that uses optical instruments to create bands of colors on the walls. For instance, visitors can see blue but once they close their eyes, they will feel as if they'd just seen purple. \"It's like reading poetry. Read more and you will go deeper, instead of staying on the surface,\" he says.,Eliasson was born in Copenhagen and spent his holidays with family in Iceland in his teenage years, when he watched the northern lights, glaciers and polar days and nights. Lots of his work focuses on natural elements, exploring people's relationship with nature. He says his artworks are a kind of amplifier of nature to allow people to feel it in a detailed way. \"Lights, water\u00a3\u00adwe always take these things for granted. My works allow people to reconsider their relationship with the world. \"When I was a child, I thought the world would look after me. But now I understand that I have to look after the world, which is being ruined by us,\" says Eliasson, adding that he cares about climate change. Yan Shijie, founder of the Red Brick Art Museum and a collector of Eliasson's artworks, says the artist cares about the environment and problems facing humans.,Yan started collecting Eliasson's works nearly a decade ago. He visited the artist's studio in Germany several times and was impressed by his work attitude. Eliasson takes advice from scientists, architects and engineers when working on his art projects. It took him two years to prepare for the Beijing show. The artist and his team, according to Yan, had set up a miniature space like the museum in Beijing to work on the show before it began. \"Many describe him as a 'scientist artist'. I think science is a kind of language for him to realize his artistic ideas,\" says Yan. While in Beijing, the artist carries around a solar-powered lamp to promote his social business Little Sun, a project to provide these lamps to people living in areas that have a shortage of electricity like Ethiopia. He hopes to attract more Chinese people by his art to join in the project to help those in need.,Talking about his involvement in social business, the career artist says his art is a kind of motivation to drive people's participation in issues like climate change and environmental protection. Although he encourages people to put down their phones and experience his works, he thanks social media for getting young people to his show. He has about 267,000 followers on Instagram. The photos shared by him and his followers bring people to his shows, which, in turn, he says, helps to motivate more people to care about the environment. Contact the writer at dengzhangyu@chinadaily.com.cn 10 am-5:30 pm, through Aug 12. Red Brick Art Museum, Shunbai Road, Chaoyang district, Beijing. 010-8457-6669.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "With China now in peak flu season, authorities have said infections should remain under control, as no mutations that might boost the strength or drug-resistance of the virus have been detected. However, Beijing has seen a notable increase in infections among children since the start of the month, according to data from the Beijing Center for Disease Control and Prevention. Those affected are mostly students at primary schools and kindergartens. \"My colleague and I received over 300 patients between 4 am and 8 am on Tuesday,\" said Zhou Zhongshu, director of pediatrics at the capital's China-Japan Friendship Hospital. \"The number of daily patients has increased by over 30 percent to 600 or 700. \"Cross-infection is the main cause of the epidemics, especially at schools and in enclosed areas.\" Daily outpatient visits to the pediatrics department of Beijing Children's Hospital have reportedly reached more than 10,000, a record level, while the number of children with respiratory tract infections and high fevers has increased by about 20 percent. The seasonal flu virus can cause high fever, headache, malaise and cough. Pneumonia, shock or even death could occur if the virus is not properly treated. Gu Li, a physician with the infectious diseases department of Beijing Chaoyang Hospital, said the flu season usually lasts three months in winter. Most patients get mild infections and will recover after treatment. However, seniors, pregnant women and children under age 5 are at higher risk, she warned. Five to 10 percent of adults and 20 to 30 percent of children worldwide are infected with flu every year, killing about 290,000 people, according to the World Health Organization.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "A cruise liner full of passengers from China and abroad set sail on Jan 18 from Copenhagen DFDS cruise terminal on a voyage to offer a colorful insight into Chinese culture through the theme: \"Happy Chinese New Year\". Aboard the cruise liner, various activities centered on Chinese Spring Festival, culture and tourism were held throughout the trip. The event was co-hosted by the Beijing Culture and Tourism Bureau, Copenhagen China Cultural Center and the Danish-United Steamship Company. Chen Dong, deputy head of the bureau, said that hopefully, the event can promote further communication and cooperation in the cultural tourism sector between the two countries, enhancing the understanding between people from both countries. Henrik Holck, vice-president of the steamship company, said he felt proud that Chinese tourists chose to spend Spring Festival, or Chinese Lunar New Year, aboard the vessel. \"As foreigners, we have learnt much about the Chinese culture through the events on board the ship,\" he said. Denmark and China has a long history of friendship, with Copenhagen and Beijing becoming twin cities in 2012. Communication between the two cities, across a range of sectors - government, institutional, cultural and tourism - has been increasing in recent years. According to the Culture and Tourism Ministry, more than 1,500 cultural programs will take place in 396 cities across 133 countries and regions during Spring Festival. Luo Shugang, minister of culture and tourism, noted that \"Happy Chinese New Year\" has become the leading cultural exchange program with the widest coverage, the largest number of participants.   ", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "  \"Culture is a country and nation's soul,\" General Secretary Xi Jinping said in his speech delivered to the 19th CPC National Congress Oct 18. \"Without a rich and prosperous culture, the Chinese nation cannot rejuvenate itself.\" The Chinese film industry, an integral part of Chinese culture promotion, has played a more significant role in the \"new era.\" Against such a backdrop, a symposium titled \"Status quo and the future of the Chinese film industry\", organized by the School of Arts and Communication of Beijing Normal University, was held in Beijing Nov 1. Twenty-six of the best minds -- college professors, scholars, experts, film critics, screenwriters and directors -- came together to discuss a range of issues, including the great achievements of the Chinese film industry in the past five years, the relationship between cultural confidence and film industry growth, and lessons we could learn from foreign countries.,One of the highlights of the seminar was a conversation about the great success of the Chinese blockbuster  which achieved massive sales at the box office and was highly praised by the public. \"The great success of   is not accidental as it manages to capture the positive energy of the new era. The spirit of patriotism shown in the film has struck a resonant chord among moviegoers,\" said Zhou Xing, professor of media studies at Beijing Normal University. \"From   to  Chinese-style heroism is storming into the hearts of movie fans. A qualified film not only offers a visual feast for viewers, but also inspires them to do something good for China and the world as a whole,\" said Hu Zhifeng, president of the School of Arts and Communication at Beijing Normal University. Zhang A'li, president of the Shaanxi Film Producers Association, echoed this point of view. \"Movies sometimes are a presentation of a story. In the past, Hollywood producers and filmmakers are passionate about introducing Western stories to other countries, but now   tells a good Chinese story to the world, and it is positive sign.\" \"It is hoped that more fine Chinese culture can be known to moviegoers worldwide in the future. Therefore, the film industry matters a lot to China.\" \"Wu Jing, director and actor for  really impresses me a lot for his rigorousness in terms of work and meticulousness in terms of details. The state-of-the-art technology utilized in the film is rare in the domestic film productions. Also, Wu has lived with military troops for two years. We have to admit that his personal life experience gives impetus to the storyline, as we all know art comes from life,\" said film director Liang Ming.,  \"The Chinese film industry is now undergoing a transformation and upgrading stage. In the process, some problems emerge and wait to be addressed. For example, films should not be judged by awards in international film festivals but by whether they meet the people's ever-growing need for a better life,\" said Zhao Baohua, vice-chairman of the China Film and Literature Association. \"The Chinese film industry has closely followed the steps of its Western counterparts for such a long period. Now, it is high time that Chinese filmmakers make some changes. Many aspects of traditional culture and customs have not been well-explored and put into the big screen. Expressions of Chinese feelings and emotions and reflections of traditions are still not shared as much in present film presentation,\" said Liu Jun, director of the Teaching and Research Department of the Beijing Film Academy. \"Several days ago, my mother told me that she wanted to go to the movies these days, but was at a loss to choose a film. That's a problem I would like to address here,\" said Ling Yan, dean of the Film and Television Department of Capital Normal University. \"Different groups have different tastes for movies. Young people are no doubt the mainstream for Chinese films in terms of purchasing power, but other groups should not be ignored. If the Chinese film industry wants to perform better in the future, other potential purchasing power should be considered.\" ", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "An English teacher in Kunming has been told to apologize for a fine and reward system she imposed on her students and give back money she took, amounting to 50 yuan per wrong answer each teenager made in mid-term exams, reported the Beijing Youth Daily. Zhao Sha, who worked at Kunming No 10 Middle School, posted an account online on Nov 7 detailing how the fines she levied had totaled 3,950 yuan ($596), the newspaper said.  In addition to the charge for wrong answers, students were required to pay 10 yuan for each point they fell short of a set target. The money taken was used to reward students who made progress and also pay for extracurricular activities. Some pupils fared better than others. While 12 received rewards, the remaining 28 in the class were fined. Parents told the newspaper their representative committee at the school had never discussed the scheme. A staff member said the school had not granted permission, and was now investigating. Han Xiao, a lawyer from Beijing Kangda Law Firm, was quoted by the newspaper saying that there were no legal rights for teachers or schools to fine. \"Parents should have reported the matter promptly to avoid its impact on students' psychological health,\" Han said.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "    Luo Rensheng recently relocated from Changping district in northwest Beijing to Mentougou, 30 km west of the downtown. The move has cut his daily commute from six hours to two.  Born in Qingdao, in the eastern province of Shandong, the 34-year-old book editor moved to Beijing in 2007 after graduating from college.  First, he rented an apartment near his workplace in Shijingshan district on the West Fifth Ring Road. It was a good time; he dated his girlfriend - now his wife - and was free from care and responsibilities.  When the couple married three years ago, they moved into an apartment owned by Luo's father-in-law in Changping, 56 kilometers from his workplace.  \"I felt like I didn't see the sun for three years,\" he said. \"I left home at about 6 a.m. to get to work before 9 am.\"  His journey consisted of a 30-minute, 14-km drive to the nearest subway station, followed by 90 minutes on the subway to Shijingshan. The culmination was a 30-minute walk to his office.  \"If I got lucky, the journey took two and a half hours. When the traffic was bad, though, the trip took three hours. I finished work at 5 pm, which meant I didn't get home until 8 pm,\" he said.  \"I was so eager to change the situation. Six hours there and back was killing me. I had no time for myself. Apart from eating and sleeping, I hardly did anything at home.\"  Even though he was unhappy, Luo was eager to stay in the capital.  \"Beijing has attractions my hometown can't provide. Maybe life would be easier if I returned to my hometown. It would be more convenient, but I would lose more than I would gain compared with life here,\" he said.  He sold an apartment he owned in Qingdao and used the money as a down payment for a 50-square-meter apartment in Mentougou.  Even though he still lives far from the city center, his new home is 18 km from his work, saving him time and effort  \"I feel great after the move,\" he said. \"Now, I have more time for my wife and young child.\" ", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Beijing-based e-commerce firm ToGo teamed up with local travel agencies on Wednesday to launch a new online store within the WeChat platform for customers to purchase souvenirs online. Souvenirs available include a range of traditional cultural gifts, from typical Chinese food to dolls portraying characters from Peking Opera. A string of time-honored brands, including Quanjude Roast Duck, Daoxiangcun pastries, Yueshengzhai, a brand selling pickled beef and mutton for more than 230 years, are among those that are available on the platform. \"We have developed gifts that are a combination of both traditional culture and modern elements,\" said Zhang Yihu, founder and CEO of Times Tech, ToGo's parent company, whose business covers technology, e-commerce, media and entertainment. The platform is also cooperating with Dream Castle Culture, an intellectual property company that owns the image rights for Ali, a popular online animation character depicting a fox, to jointly develop interesting and creative souvenirs. Zhang said that though the online e-commerce market is dominated by Alibaba's Taobao and JD, there are still huge opportunities for players like ToGo. \"The tourism market in the country has been growing steadily with a steady influx of domestic tourists. This is an uncharted territory where we hope we can tap into the full potential,\" he added. Wen Wei, vice-general secretary of the Beijing Tourism Industry Association who oversees travel agencies, said: \"By integrating high-quality resources into the internet, this newly-established e-commerce platform has overturned the traditional way of shopping while traveling.\" He said that more and more travelers are increasingly seeking unique local souvenirs. \"But an increasing number of imitations and duplicates are posing problems for tourists and imposing a reputation pressure on the tourism authorities.\" According to Zhang, ToGo will help supplement the parent company's online business and cash in on the emerging opportunities from the country's e-commerce boom. The firm aims to integrate at least 10,000 local tourist guides and 200 travel agencies in Beijing to further expand its business. \"ToGo aims to generate a revenue of 300 million yuan ($43.2 million) to 400 million yuan from Beijing and a total revenue of 2 billion yuan in the next three years,\" he said.", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "BEIJING -- With an orange alert for air pollution in place for the last two days, Beijing has adopted a raft of emergency measures to meet the smog challenge head-on. On Sunday, the city's housing and urban-rural development authorities investigated over 2,000 construction sites and 62 sites that did not meet the standards required to improve their pollution controls. The city's transport authorities punished 3,078 cases of illegal operation of trucks carrying construction materials, and 1,556 high-emission vehicles planning to enter Beijing were convinced to return back. Beijing Municipal Environmental Monitoring Center said the capital will see pollution peak on Monday, and air quality is expected to improve from Tuesday night under the influence of a cold front. Last week, the Ministry of Environmental Protection (MEP) forecast that Beijing, Tianjin, Hebei and their neighboring regions would see slight to severe air pollution from Nov. 4 to 8. An orange alert, the second highest level for air pollution, was enacted on Nov. 4 simultaneously in Beijing and Tianjin, and some cities in Hebei, Shanxi, Shandong and Henan provinces. Under the orange alert, the cities are encouraged to take various measures to curb pollution, such as restricting the use of vehicles, increasing pollution controls at construction sites, removing from roads trucks transporting construction materials, and reducing or stopping production at some companies. Air quality usually worsens in late autumn and winter in northern China due in part to less wind and increased emissions from heating sources. Liaoning Province in northeast China started heating supply on Nov. 1. The provincial capital Shenyang strengthened supervision of heating supply companies and asked them to avoid operating boilers in peak hours. The city has also added 1,350 new clean energy buses to its roads this winter. China has channeled more work into improving air quality in the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei area by measures such as replacing dirtier coal use and penalizing polluters. Inspection teams have been dispatched to cities identified as sources of pollution and companies in breach of emission rules, according to the MEP. In 2017, Beijing plans to decrease coal use by helping residents at 700 villages adopt clean energy, removing 300,000 vehicles from roads, and shutting down 500 factories. In August, China published an action plan about air pollution governance of Beijing, Tianjin, Hebei and neighboring regions in autumn and winter from 2017 to 2018. According to the plan, from October 2017 to March 2018, the average PM2.5 density in the concerning areas is expected to drop by over 15 percent year-on-year. According to the Beijing Municipal Environmental Protection Bureau, the capital city's average PM2.5 density dropped to 60 micrograms per cubic meter in the first three quarters of this year, down 3.2 percent compared with the same period last year, and down 34.8 percent compared with 2013.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "BEIJING - More than 1,800 companies have signed up for the second China International Import Expo (CIIE), scheduled for early November this year, the Ministry of Commerce has said. Over 900 companies from 77 countries and regions have confirmed participation as exhibitors, including 180 Fortune Global 500 firms and leading enterprises in various industries, Gao Feng, a spokesperson for the ministry, said at a press conference Thursday. The ministry will step up efforts to invite more private firms as well as small and medium-sized enterprises, Gao said. A total of 172 countries, regions and international organizations and more than 3,600 enterprises participated in the first CIIE, held from Nov 5-10 in Shanghai. It was the world's first import-themed national-level expo.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": ", a Hungarian puppet show, will be performed at the Beijing Tianqiao Art Center at the Meet in Beijing Arts Festival from April 30 to May 1. The main character is H\u00a8\u00a2ry J\u00a8\u00a2nos, who claims to be a folk hero. He's a veteran hussar of the Austrian army during the first half of the 19th century who sits in the village inn regaling his listeners with fantastic tales of heroism. His supposed exploits include winning the heart of the Empress Marie Louise, the wife of Napoleon, and then single-handedly defeating Napoleon and his armies. Nevertheless, he finally renounces all his riches to go back to his village with his sweetheart. The stories conjured up in his imagination are an inextricable mixture of realism and naivety, of comic humor and pathos. Though superficially he appears to be merely a braggart, essentially he is a natural visionary and poet. Budapest Puppet Theater, one of the largest puppet theaters central Europe, was founded on Oct 8, 1949. It aims to show the diversity of puppet play and to prove that puppet shows are not only for children, but a dramatic style suitable for people of all ages. Budapest Puppet Theater has been invited to perform more than 70 times in places around the world, winning numerous awards and gaining huge success.   has been performed in 11 countries on14 tours and has been highly praised by audiences. A special performance of   for autistic children and their parents will be held on May 1, thanks to the 18th Meet in Beijing Arts Festival and The World of Art Brut Culture.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "BEIJING - The impact of Sino-US trade frictions on China's balance of international payments is \"overall controllable,\" an official with the country's foreign exchange regulator said Thursday. There will be no change to the situation that China's international payments under the current account are becoming more balanced and remain in a reasonable range, Wang Chunying, spokesperson for the State Administration of Foreign Exchange, said at a press conference. While the possibility of quarterly fluctuations cannot be ruled out in the short term, steadiness is expected in the longer term, she told reporters. \"On the whole, with trade of goods becoming more balanced, China's international payments under the current account will stay basically stable within a reasonable range,\" Wang said. While the country has a deficit in service trade, the deficit growth may slow down in future as demand for overseas travel and study peaks and Chinese service exporters become more competitive amid upgrading efforts, she said. Returns on outbound investment are expected to increase as the investment structure improves, which will reduce the investment income deficit China runs under the current account, Wang said. China's international payments under the current account have been basically balanced in recent years, with the current account surplus accounting for 1.3 percent of China's GDP in 2017, according to Wang.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "People with poor social credit records - including bad behavior or refusing to pay debts - will be barred from booking rooms at star-rated hotels or taking part in high-cost group tours in Beijing, the municipal tourism authority said. The Beijing Municipal Commission of Tourism Development launched a website called \"Credit Beijing\" on Tuesday, which collects the credit records of tourists and people working in the industry in Beijing. The platform covers 44,690 tour guides, 2,672 travel agencies, 281 attractions and 559 star-rated hotels in Beijing, according to a news release posted on the commission's social media account. Users can check the records of tour guides and travel agencies in the city, a move that aims to help consumers avoid unscrupulous behavior by a particular guide or travel agency. Tourists exhibiting uncivilized behavior, such as scribbling graffiti or making noise at tourist attractions, will also be recorded on the platform. Those with poor credit records - as well as people blacklisted in other sectors, including defaulters who fail to pay court judgments and violators of air and rail transport rules - \"will all be banned from staying in star-rated hotels in Beijing or joining high-cost group tours\", an unnamed official was quoted saying in the news release. \"The commission has signed memorandums of understanding with the civil affairs, transportation, customs and tax administration departments of the city ... to ensure the implementation of punishment for the dishonest,\" the official said. \"It will help better regulate the tourism market and protect tourists' rights, which will also help support a good commercial environment in Beijing.\" The measure is one of the latest moves in an ongoing campaign to improve behavior, toughen sanctions on wrongdoers and enhance integrity and credibility. Previously, people on the government's blacklist for dishonesty have been banned from all air and railway travel.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "BEIJING -- President Xi Jinping on Friday visited Beijing's primary-level cadres and residents in downtown neighborhoods ahead of the Spring Festival and extended Lunar New Year greetings to Chinese people of all ethnic groups. Xi, also general secretary of the Communist Party of China (CPC) Central Committee and chairman of the Central Military Commission, also inspected the preparation work for the Beijing 2022 Olympic and Paralympic Winter Games. When inspecting the Beijing Municipal Public Security Bureau, Xi stressed the city's glorious mission and weighty responsibility to safeguard the social stability of the national capital as 2019 marks the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China. Xi asked for coordinated efforts to promote work in all fields with resolve to complete the mission. Touring a \"hutong,\" or traditional alley, in central Beijing's Qianmen area, Xi ordered the efforts to protect cultural heritage sites and conserve traditional culture while renovating the city's old areas. He called for both improving local residents' living conditions and protecting historical and cultural deposits, so that history and modernity will perfectly blend. He stressed specific measures to maintain the original features of hutong areas. Xi dropped into two courtyards along the hutong, inquiring about the living conditions of local residents after the renovation projects in the neighborhood. \"What the CPC pursues is to make the people's life better,\" he told the residents, gladly chatting and making dumplings with them. Noting close attention from the CPC Central Committee to the renovation of old towns and shanty areas, Xi said that the Party aims to create a more comfortable and better living environment for the people and solve problems they care about most so that they can enjoy modern life even in old hutong areas. After chatting with residents, Xi went to a property service center to visit staff and community workers. On the way back, Xi dropped in on a restaurant, chatted with the owner and some customers and wished them good luck. Xi also called on a nearby express delivery station and visited the deliverymen who were on duty, stressing that priority should be given to solving employment problems and creating more jobs. At 3:30 pm, Xi arrived at the Shougang Park in Shijingshan district, the seat of the Beijing Organizing Committee for the 2022 Olympic and Paralympic Winter Games, to learn about the preparation for the Games and the planning and construction of the venues and infrastructure. Xi stressed the need to stay committed to hosting the Games in a green, sharing, open and clean manner, and to complete all preparation tasks with high standards. The venue construction must meet the Olympic standards and be completed on time, Xi said. Stressing that the features of technology, intelligence, greenness and frugality should be highlighted, Xi said advanced technological approaches should be applied, energy-saving and environmental friendly requirements should be strictly enforced, the environment and cultural relics should be well protected, and Chinese styles should be on full display. Xi visited the office building of the Beijing Organizing Committee, meeting with some of the staff and volunteers there. Noting that Beijing will become the world's only host of both the Summer and Winter Olympics, he stressed that China must fulfill the solemn commitments it made to the world. \"Hosting the 2022 Winter Olympics is an important support to the coordinated development of the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region,\" Xi said, adding that Hebei Province must develop together with Beijing. During his visit to the national winter sports training center, Xi stressed promoting sportsmanship with Chinese characteristics, boosting coordinated development of mass sports, competitive sports and the sports industry, and speeding up building China into a country strong on sports. Vice Premier Han Zheng, also a member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee, accompanied Xi on the inspection tour of the preparation work for the Beijing 2022 Olympic and Paralympic Winter Games.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "    Liangjiahe village, a community of 120 homes scattered along a dry riverbed on the Loess Plateau in Yan'an, Northwest China's Shaanxi province, looks no different from the other valley hamlets in the region, except for the visitors lined up waiting to board electric minibuses to visit its cave dwellings and crofts.  From 1969 to 1975, President Xi Jinping lived and worked in the village as an educated youth during the \"cultural revolution\" (1966-76) when he was ages 16 to 23.  It was in this village that Xi, who heads the Communist Party of China, joined the world's largest political party, which has more than 89 million members.  In 1974, he was elected Party chief of the village committee - the start of his public career - and he was still a resident when he was recommended as a suitable candidate to become a student at Tsinghua University in Beijing.  Last year, Liangjiahe received 900,000 visitors, and the number is expected to hit 1.3 million this year. That's about 3,600 people a day on average. Unlike conventional tourists, some of the visitors are sent in groups by their employers, while others are clad in Red Army uniforms and armed with notebooks and pens, jotting down the things that interest them.  The village is small, and the usual tourist itinerary follows a settled order along a meandering mountain path: the village museum, a farm, a blacksmith's shop, a biogas digester, a well, a grinder powered by a diesel generator, a grocery store and the cave dwellings.  Apart from the museum and the cave dwellings, the other items are regarded as the heritage left by Xi in the 1970s, and most still function well today.  Xi, who learned about biogas technology in Mianyang in Southwest China's Sichuan province during a government-led campaign, built the biogas digester with other educated youths and the villagers. He also led local farmers in laying five strips of farmland in the riverbed, as the river, which was once wide, narrowed to a channel, albeit still sufficient to irrigate the land.  The small stream was the only source of water in Liangjiahe. But the water was sandy. To solve the problem, Xi led the villagers in digging a well. Many seniors remember how he was the first person to jump into the hole, and how he worked the longest shifts in the numbing mixture of ice, water and mud. It was a dangerous job because the well could collapse at any time during the excavation process.  Before the grocery store opened, it took hours for Liangjiahe's farmers to travel to the shop in Wen'anyi, a nearby town, to buy necessities. Xi suggested that the village committee should buy daily goods from the shop in Wen'anyi and sell them to the villagers in Liangjiahe at the price at which they had been purchased, saving them a lot of time.  Xi also exchanged a motorcycle he had been given by the county government as a reward for his performance for the diesel generator and grinder to help the villagers.  Liang Yuqian, 62, a blacksmith who made farm implements during Xi's time, still runs the same workshop, which opened in 1974 after Xi invited him to move from his home village nearby to work in Liangjiahe.  \"At first I just wanted to move from village to village. But Xi persuaded me to stay. He talked about his plan cordially with me, saying my plan would bring more personal profit, but that working in one place would mean I served more people,\" he recalled.  When Xi revisited Liangjiahe in February 2015, he recognized Liang immediately and greeted him with the words \"Are you still doing the job?\"  Liang Yuming, 75, who Xi replaced as village committee Party chief in 1974, said the heritage items represent just a small part of Xi's contribution to Liangjiahe because he also did many other things, such as teaching the villagers to read and write, along with history and geography. He also soothed relations between families.  Liang Yuming said Xi was the youngest of the six educated youths from Beijing who were assigned to Liangjiahe - Xi was age 16 when Liang Yuming met him for the first time in January 1969 - and he was the one who most loved reading books.  He recalled Xi's two suitcases were the heaviest because they were filled with books.  \"When the farmers, who were used to hard outdoor labor, helped to carry the young men's luggage they said Xi's suitcases were too heavy and it was a wonder that a 16-year-old could carry them all the way from Beijing on the three-day journey to the remote valley,\" he said.  Lei Pingsheng, who was Xi's roommate and is now a senior researcher at the Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences, said Xi's passion for knowledge was impressive. \"When we woke up late at night, we often found him still reading carefully in the dim light of an oil lamp surrounded by darkness and quiet.\"  Xi likes reading about history, politics, economics, philosophy and literature, and comparing notes with people who share the same interests, according to Lei.  \"The educated youths shared their books. For most of us, learning seemed to be a part of life, undisturbed by the political movement swirling in our faraway hometown of Beijing,\" he added.  What made Xi different from the other bookworm educated youths was that he was always ready to put what he had learned into practice to serve the people.  \"Since his youth, it has been Xi's unswerving belief to undertake practical work for the people,\" said Tao Haisu, an educated youth from Beijing who was in the same county as Xi and often communicated with him about history and literature.  One time, Xi encouraged a difficult villager, who was often fiercely criticized for being a thief, to sing his favorite folk song to the villagers who were preparing to criticize him at a meeting. The man sang well and with great emotion, moving many of his potential critics. From then on, he was a changed man and was accepted by his neighbors.  \"Although Xi is five years younger than me, he reads more books and is knowledgeable in more fields than me,\" Tao said. \"He is honest and trustworthy.\"  Many people believe that the hard life he led in Liangjiahe played an important role in preparing Xi's resolve to serve the people.  Wang Yansheng, another educated youth from Beijing who was also Xi's roommate at Liangjiahe, said: \"Xi is honest in admitting he was unsure about the future when he first arrived at Liangjiahe. Everybody has a process of development. No man is great when he is born.\"  Wang vividly recalls the \"four difficulties\", as Xi noted, that affected every newcomer to Liangjiahe: fleas, shortage of food, hard work and uncertain thoughts.  Lei said they were shocked by the poverty of the region when they first arrived in Yan'an, which was known as \"a holy land of revolution\", as the Party's main organs had stayed and developed there for eight years.  \"Some people slapped the roof of the truck's cab and asked the driver if he was lost,\" Lei said.  After Spring Festival in January or February, the village was almost empty, because most of the farmers left to live as beggars and try to alleviate the lack of food during spring, according to Zhang Weipang, 70, a villager and good friend of Xi's at the time.  \"The hand-to-mouth life of the farmers prompted Xi's sympathy and motivated him to strive for a better life for the people,\" Zhang said.  The tourist boom in the village thanks to Xi's \"heritage\" has brought great convenience to the local people.  Xi never complained about the harsh conditions at Liangjiahe. He chose to put up with them and made up his mind to change them, according to the villagers.  \"Xi's tolerance of hardship was beyond my expectation. He just took things as they came. When he worked on the farm, he was like a professional farmer,\" said Liu Jinlian, a 67-year-old villager.  For the first two months after their arrival, Xi and the five other educated youths lived in a cave dwelling in Liu's home. Xi visited the family during his 2015 visit, and inquired in detail about every family member and their living conditions.  Lei said an important reason for Xi's love of, and gratitude to, the people at an early age was his family education. Xi told him that the farmers were the fathers and mothers of the Red Army, and were it not for their selfless sacrifice China's revolution would not have succeeded.  According to Lei, Xi became more experienced, patient and confident after he visited his father Xi Zhongxun, a former vice-premier who was wrongly investigated, between 1970 and 1972.  After that, Xi decided to live and work as a \"common farmer\", regarding himself as a part of the \"yellow earth\", Lei said.  Xi met a beggar who said he used to be one of Xi's father's guards. After the beggar related the names of Xi's family members and a few other details, Xi not only gave him all the money he had that day, but also gave his coat to the old man, Lei said.  During his 2015 visit to the village, Xi's biggest concern was still the people's livelihoods, according to local resident Zhang Weipang.  \"He asked me whether I often ate meat and what I planted. As before, his questions were always down-to-earth and concerned the specifics of people's lives,\" he said.  The villagers in Liangjiahe have written to Xi four times since 2007 to tell him about the latest developments. Xi replied to their letters every time, expressing his nostalgia - he calls Liangjiahe his \"spiritual home\" - and sending his best wishes for the village's development.  According to Gong Baoxiong, village committee chief, the village set up a tourism company in 2015, creating enough jobs for the farmers to work at home. Since 2007, the village has had a new road, internet, running water, electricity and most modern facilities. The main sources of income are tourism, root crops, apples, vinegar and pickled vegetables.  Gong, in his late 30s, said: \"President Xi said he 'secured the first button of his life well' at Liangjiahe. That provides motivation for all young civil servants to integrate serving the people with their careers and also their lives.\"  \"He asked me which family I came from,\" said Gong, as he recalled his chat with Xi during the visit two years ago. \"When I said my father's name, President Xi smiled and said 'I know him. He is an honest man.'\"  Contact the writers at liyang@chinadaily.com.cn       ", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Latest: The Ministry of Culture and Tourism said it has started investigations into the hotels and has instructed its branches in five provinces and municipalities to investigate, including Shanghai, Beijing, Fujian, Jiangxi and Guizhou, Xinhuanet reported on Friday. In response to a viral video that exposed the shoddy cleaning practices of 14 luxury hotels in China, the government\u00a1\u00afs health departments in Shanghai and Beijing, where most of these disgraced hotels are located, dispatched inspection teams on Thursday to perform a thorough inspection. Health officials in Beijing's Dongcheng, Haidian and Chaoyang districts collected samples from the four hotels shown in the video for examination. Test results will be made public. The Beijing Municipal Commission of Tourism Development summoned managers of the four hotels for an inquiry on Thursday, ordering them to verify the video. If the claims were true, the hotels should rectify their hygiene work in a fixed period of time. The 11-minute video, titled \u00a1\u00b0The Secrets of Cups\u00a1\u00b1, was produced and uploaded onto Sina Weibo on Wednesday night by a famous Chinese blogger who goes by the username Hua Zong Diu Le Jin Gu Bang. Within 12 hours of its release, the video was viewed more than 13 million times, sparking heated discussions in print and online media.  Hotels mentioned in the video include the Waldorf Astoria Shanghai, the recently opened Bulgari Hotel Shanghai, Park Hyatt Beijing and the Aman Summer Palace Luxury Resort in Beijing. A night at any of these hotels cost at least 1,500 yuan ($216). The video showed that housekeepers from these hotels have been cleaning mugs used for drinking or brushing teeth with used towels or the same cloth that is used to wipe toilet seats.  Park Hyatt Beijing and Shangri-la Hotel Fuzhou, which were among the 14 hotels featured in the video, issued apology letters by Thursday noon, saying that they would conduct additional training or self-checks, according to Shanghai-based Chinese media The Paper.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "BEIJING - Beijing has built 4,300 5G base stations in the city's urban core areas and iconic buildings, the Beijing Youth Daily reported Tuesday. As of the end of May, the capital city has launched pre-commercial 5G services in the administrative areas for Beijing's sub-center, the new airport, the International Horticultural Exhibition, test venues for the 2022 Winter Olympics, Tiananmen Square and the main artery, Chang'an Avenue. By 2021, the city's core zones, including the central business district, innovation centers and economic-technological development area, will have 5G network coverage, said the newspaper citing the municipal communication bureau. Beijing has delivered 5,983 5G base stations to three telecommunications operators at the end of last month.", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "A Henan undergraduate was admitted to a PhD course at the Institute of Mechanics of the Chinese Academy of Sciences, to study aerodynamics in Beijing due to his proven ability and creativity. Yan Chang, 21, a senior graduate of the School of Mechanics and Engineering Science in Zhengzhou University, said he had joined a team researching \"a moving model rig for high speed trains\" with professors in Beijing. \"For me, it is also a mind-expanding experience and I am interested in doing research, \" he said. Curiosity is driving his ambition. Wang Xiaofeng, Yan's head teacher in Zhengzhou University, said Yan's ability was outstanding, and he had an excellent team spirit. As a team leader of the robotics laboratory, a technology innovation platform for undergraduates in Zhengzhou University, Yan said the laboratory was their home over the past four years. \"Most of us knew each other and struggled together as freshmen, but we also have 'new blood' joining us. We do experiments again and again, from daybreak to sunrise. We spend most of our summer or winter vocations in the laboratory,\" he said. \"The laboratory witnessed our growth, and we were proud of our camaraderie,\" Yan said with a smile. He and his team won first prize in the 2015 RoboCup final, for underwater robots in Guiyang, capital of southwest China's Guizhou province, competing with about 400 teams from more than 300 colleges around the nation and overseas. \"It is an international contest and has been held annually since 1999 with the idea of advancing the role of artificial intelligence. This competition broadened my horizons,\" he said. Under the leadership of Yan, his team obtained five invention patents and 18 utility model patents, achieving more than 20 national-level scientific and technological innovation awards. Yan has nimble hands even though his middle and ring fingers were joined at birth. Yan was born in a small village of Xinyang, in Henan province. He underwent corrective surgery when he was 4 years old. \"My ability can be dated back to my childhood. When I was young, I would like to take toys apart and see what it was inside,\" he said. A tai chi enthusiast, he said the discipline has helped him see the bigger picture in work and in life. \"Experiments may fail, sometimes, but tai chi gave me a positive mental attitude,\" he added. Chen Hongye, secretary of the Communist Youth League of School of Mechanics and Engineering Science, said openness was good for innovation, and students communicating with other students and professors was a good way to brain storm.", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "The posthumous homages paid to legendary Hollywood actress and UNICEF Goodwill Ambassador, Audrey Hepburn, never cease. However, a new exhibition, by Shanghai Calanstar Culture Co. Ltd, manages to be a unique tribute. The two-month exhibition, entitled \"Beyond Time\" is a creative celebration of Hepburn's elegance and nobleness, and is now on display in Beijing. The exhibition, spread over two-stories, is filled with memorabilia and imaginative art. The \"time-tunnel\" corridor, decorated by mirrors, tinfoil hangings and suspended postcards of Hepburn, is a mesmerizing tribute to both her Hollywood heyday and later humanitarian work. Another piece, consisting of three portraits of the late actress, each made from a single 1,000-meter-long thread are impressive works of technical majesty. The exhibition also features several replicas, including the vespa scooter she rode while starring in \"Roman Holiday\" and her black sleeveless dress from \"Breakfast at Tiffany's\". These replicas serve to remind us of the iconic movies that continue to fuel her eternal popularity. \"Her beauty has been appreciated by both the western and eastern audiences, and more importantly, she was a nice and good-hearted person,\" said Sun Wen, the exhibition's liaison from Shanghai Calanstar Culture Co. Ltd. Rising to prominence with a starring role in \"Roman Holiday\" alongside Gregory Peck in 1953, Hepburn won immense popularity from her classic films and iconic fashionable styles. However, her most defining work was perhaps in her role as a humanitarian. In 1989, she was appointed to be UNICEF's Goodwill Ambassador, and in the following years, she paid many visits to underdeveloped countries, including, Ethiopia, Guatemala and Bangladesh, where she helped children suffering from starvation and women afflicted by disease, poverty and severe gender inequality. \"Since acting had never been her favorite career choice, she concentrated more on family life and philanthropy in her later years,\" Sun noted. The exhibition also showcases a wall of Hepburn's famous remarks, such as, \"I believe in being strong when everything seems to be going wrong\u00a1\u00adI believe that tomorrow is another day and I believe in miracles.\" \"I know her through her foreign films, but nevertheless I can also appreciate her beauty beyond the screen,\" said Sun Tingting, who visited the exhibition. 10:00 am to 10:00pm Dec 12, 2018 to Feb 20, 2019 1st Floor, Chaoyang Joy City No.101 North Chaoyang Road, Chaoyang district, Beijing", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Beijing\u00a1\u00afs Yanqing district has speeded up its preparation for the upcoming 2019 China Beijing International Horticulture Exhibition and the 2022 Beijing Winter Olympics. By the end of 2018, the district had trained up to 200,000 people, including volunteers, hotel and restaurant staff members and security guards, for the two events, according to the local authorities. Set to open on April 29, the 162-day expo will display the latest achievements in floriculture and fruit and vegetable farming at the foot of the Great Wall. The expo park will open by Oct 7 and cover an area of 503 hectares. Some villagers in Yanqing have renovated their houses to accommodate the visitors to the expo. Gu Jianfeng, 39, operates a homestay hotel near the expo park. \u00a1\u00b0Guests staying at our hotel will be able to see the scenes of the park,\u00a1\u00b1 he said. He expects that 50 guesthouses will be ready before the expo park opens in April. The local vocational schools are offering various training courses for the nearby villagers to better serve the events. Wang Guiping, 50, who has participated in a course for steamed flower buns, said she was glad to learn the skills. \u00a1\u00b0They will help me run my own farmyard better at Yanqing.\u00a1\u00b1", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "      The dark tale of  which is about a London doctor in the 19th century who suffers from a split personality, is a classic Broadway musical. Released in 1997 and based on the novella  by the Scottish author Robert Louis Stevenson, which was first published in 1886, the award-winning musical was written by Frank Wildhorn and Leslie Bricusse. On July 28, a Mandarin adaptation of this musical made its debut at the   Grand Theater, where it is being staged through Aug 31. The musical will then transfer to the Tianqiao Performing  s Center in Beijing from Sept 8 to 29. Set in Victorian-era London, the musical tells the story of a doctor, Henry Jekyll, who conducts an experiment on himself, which leads to the emergence of his double personality, named Edward Hyde. In the daytime, he is a respectable doctor but when night falls he turns into a ruthless criminal. The Chinese production, directed and choreographed by David Swan, has 24 Chinese actors and a 13-member orchestra, playing 32 classic songs translated from the Broadway musical hits, including    and . \"There were two main challenges: the translation and dealing with the cultural differences,\" says Swan, the American director. \"This is more difficult and more important than many may realize. The goal is for it to be as powerful and beautiful as the original, but for it to also seem as natural as though Chinese were its original language.\",  \"There have been no big changes such as adding scenes, or cutting a song, but we have made some changes to the lyrics and dialogue to be able to tell the story naturally, clearly and poignantly in Chinese, as well as other relatively small changes so it feels natural for the Chinese actors and audience,\" the director adds. The musical   is the first that Swan has directed in China. He has directed the musical in a few places around the world, such as South Korea in 2004. He first saw the musical in the summer of 1990 and was impressed with the power of the show and the music. \"This story speaks to a truth about the human condition that is both universal and powerful. None of us are perfect. We all have parts of ourselves that we are not proud of and try to hide or ignore. How we deal with our faults and weaknesses and whether we let them overcome us is something we all must deal with,\" says Swan. \"The truth of that situation is something everyone can relate to and can be something that can both move an audience and make them think.\" Shanghai-based company, CC Live Entertainment, the presenter of the musical, gathered together the  m behind the Chinese version of blockbuster musicals, such as  ! Zhou Xiaowei, the associate director, who translated the script and lyrics, says: \"We spent over two years preparing for the musical, and translation was one of the key parts. We have tried to make every line as meaningful as possible. While we have kept the original setting of the story in Victorian London, we have kept an eye on certain relations and interactions so they feel as familiar to Chinese audiences as possible.\" Zhou also notes that with musicals becoming a popular theater genre in China over the past decade, the company will introduce more Chinese adaptations of classic Western musicals, such as .,Speaking about the cast, Swan says: \"I have been extremely impressed with the capabilities of the Chinese actors and crew. \"I believe we have been able to achieve quite a high level of sophistication in the show due to the great work and talent of all involved. So even though the industry is still young in China, I believe it has the potential to progress quickly.\" Chinese actors, Liu Lingfei, a musical major student from the Shanghai Conservatory of Music, and Zheng Yunlong, who graduated from the Beijing Dance Academy and majored in musical performance, play the roles of Jekyll and Hyde. Referring to his role, Liu says: \"This is the most challenging role I've played because I sing 30 of the 32 songs. It feels like running a marathon.\" Liu has acted in a number of Chinese musical productions, including the Chinese version of Cats and an original Chinese musical, . 7:30 pm, Sept 8-29. Tianqiao Performing Arts Center, 9 Nandajie, Tianqiao, Xicheng district, Beijing. 400-635-3355.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "BEIJING - Beijing's CPI, a main gauge of inflation, rose 1.9 percent year-on-year in March, said the city's statistics bureau. The index, however, dipped 0.4 percent when compared to February. Data showed Beijing's CPI for Jan-March period went up 1.8 percent over a year ago. In comparison with February, the city's food prices dropped 1.4 percent in March, leading to a decline of 0.23 percent in CPI, and the prices of travel-related sectors, such as hotel rooms and air tickets, saw major decreases after the travel rush during the Spring Festival in February.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Entering a hidden grotto from a double-door refrigerator, the destination beyond opens a whole new world. Five-meter-high waterfall, a pond rippling with reed and flutes of luminous champagne, the magical   art exhibition at downtown Beijing's Lang Yuan Vintage park touches the hearts of a wider public. The event, named after the  fable by ancient Chinese poet Tao Yuanming, forges a spectacle where every visitor will explore an ethereal place entirely detached from modern civilization and experience the wonderful harmony between man and nature. The whole space of   glitters with water imageries. Visitors may dare through the waterfalls or simply stroll around this dreamy place. \"It is like reopening a world forgotten by human beings,\" Jean-Charles Penot, artist of the show, said to China Daily website. \"A long time ago, people still visited this cave which is connected by nature. Today we reopen this door so people can reexplore the genesis of life with the power of water and how water brings life and hope to people.\" Growing up in a coastal town near Bordeaux of France, Penot was deeply influenced by his grandfather and became a nature lover himself. \"He taught me to grow vegetables, showed me the beauty of the forest, names of every single plant,\" Penot said. \"My grandpa taught me how to respect nature and how nature will always give you back.\" An illustration book in his grandfather's collection guided Penot to the expeditions around China. \"I imagined myself coming to China to work on these amazing architectures with so much harmony with the landscape. This was why I decided to come here,\" he said. Fascinated by the scenery and exotic experiences at remote ethnic villages in Southwest China, the artist would stay weeks with villagers, learning local traditions and ways of living. \"All the time I had with Yao people and Blang people gives me the inspiration that I try to bring back to Beijing.\",For Penot, Chinese ethnic culture is an inexhaustible source of new ideas. The culinary installation  derives from his latest trip to Blang people in Yunnan. \"Our food is connected with the landscape,\" the artist said. \"We now have no idea where our food comes from, who grew it on which landscape,\" he said referring to the problem faced by most city dwellers. \"If we have this beauty as these people in the village [which is] to know the source of our food, we will eat better, and meanwhile, better preserve the environment.\" By combining videos, lighting, installation art and gastronomy, Penot tends to make the theme more accessible to not merely art lovers. \"I try to connect people who don't go to art galleries. It's more difficult to get them interested to see an exhibition.\" He also sees the profound significance of building the bond between children and nature, especially in Chinese urban regions. \"Kids now in Beijing were born in the city. A 6-year-old may not even touch mud. It is almost a duty to convey this message, in an artistic way, that to reconnect with nature.\" On the opening day of the exhibition, children were invited to see this immersive art show and create wall paintings with chromatic highlighters. The exhibition will run until June 19. As a major art zone in CBD Beijing, Lang Yuan Vintage has been launching a wide range of activities for city residents, including an upcoming handicraft fair during the Dragon Boat Festival holiday.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Beijing will continue to improve the quality and incomes of rural schoolteachers to provide equal education opportunities to students in both urban and rural areas. The capital will offer incentives to encourage rural teachers to stay and work in the countryside, Li Yi, spokesperson of the Beijing Municipal Education Commission, said at a news conference on Wednesday. Since 2016, the municipal government has been encouraging normal schools to increase enrollment of students majoring in teaching. Meanwhile, the government will give 40,000 yuan ($6,100) to each rural teacher who graduates from a normal school or comprehensive college with a non-teaching major and who has been working in a rural area for five successive years. In addition, each rural teacher will receive a monthly travel allowance of between 1,400 yuan and 4,000 yuan, depending on the distance of their work location from the center city. By Nov 6, 17,489 rural teachers in 383 schools had received the allowance. Li said the government is discussing the provision of low-cost rental housing for rural teachers. Beijing has also allocated 20 percent more financial support to the training of rural teachers compared with urban schoolteachers. Rural teachers who go to urban schools for teaching training practice will receive 530 yuan per person each time. Cui Haiming, a physical education teacher in Huairou district in Beijing, has been working in rural schools for 28 years. In 2013, he started working in a primary school in a remote mountain area as a volunteer, he said during the news conference. When the voluntary period came to end he decided to stay. \u00a1\u00b0My salary was 5,000 yuan a month in 2014. As the subsidies policy has been implemented, I now get about 10,000 yuan a month, which has improved my living conditions,\u00a1\u00b1 Cui said. He said he will stay in the rural school for the rest of his working life until retirement.", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "The number of Chinese tourists visiting Ireland could reach 175,000 in 2025, more than double that in 2017, according to Tourism Ireland. About 70,000 Chinese visitors went to Ireland last year, up about 15 percent year on year, according to Niall Gibbons, chief executive of Tourism Ireland. \"China is one of Ireland's fastest growing tourism source markets, and the growth rate is likely to double in the near future,\" he added. Gibbons made the remarks at the ongoing Tourism Ireland annual travel China Sales Mission event. It will tour Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou and Hong Kong with the aim of sealing more partnerships and deals with local counterparts to bring more Chinese tourists to the island. A total of 20 Irish tourism market players including travel agencies, hotels and popular destinations like Guinness Storehouse, have joined this year's China Sales Mission, the largest ever held by Tourism Ireland. \"That points to increasing importance as well as our confidence of the Chinese outbound travel market,\" Gibbons said. To cater to the growing inflow of Chinese tourists, Tourism Ireland and Irish tourism partners have launched the China Ready training program, which is designed to help Irish tourism firms grab business opportunities in China such as introducing popular mobile payment tools like WeChat. Starting from June, Chinese visitors can take direct flights operated by Hainan Airlines or Cathay Pacific Airways to Dublin, either from Beijing or Hong Kong. Official data showed that China-Ireland trade volume exceeded $10 billion last year, up 36.7 percent year on year. \"With the opening of the two direct flights, plus growing bilateral trade, there is every indication of the continuous growth of Chinese visitors into next year and beyond,\" Gibbons said.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Rapid and efficient transport networks will be built to connect Xiongan New Area in North China's Hebei province and surrounding cities, according to the master plan for the area released this month. In the future, there will be four north-south and two east-west high-speed rail routes, as well as four north-south and three east-west expressways across the area. By train, it will take only 20 minutes from Xiongan to Beijing's new airport in southern Daxing district, 30 minutes to Beijing or Tianjin, 60 minutes to Hebei's provincial capital Shijiazhuang. By car, it will need just 60 minutes to drive from Xiongan to Beijing or Tianjin, and 90 minutes to Shijiazhuang. Launched in April last year, Xiongan New Area sits at the center of the triangular area formed by Beijing, Tianjin and Shijiazhuang. It is about 100 kilometers southwest of Beijing, 100 km west of Tianjin and 160 km northeast of Shijiazhuang.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Beijing will open its financial sector wider to the world in three years, as the city undertakes a major push to deepen reform and opening-up in the service industry, a vice-mayor said on Wednesday. Yin Yong, vice-mayor of Beijing, said the financial sector is on the top of the list of the capital city's opening-up undertakings. One of the major tasks is to strengthen the city's role as a financial management center, which can facilitate China's financial reform and opening-up, as well as risk prevention, he said. He made the remarks at a news conference, introducing in detail a three-year action plan for Beijing to continue opening up its service sector. The plan gained approval from the State Council in January. Among the 177 measures listed in the plan, those concerning the financial sector account for more than 25 percent, Yin said. This year, Beijing plans to \"launch a series of heavyweight financial institutions, foster and develop financial technology and green finance, promote the sector's opening-up and innovation, and improve the supervision system,\" Yin said. For the insurance, asset management and securities industries, Beijing will raise the foreign ownership cap to 51 percent this year, Yin said. \"The city will remove the limit completely in two years.\" The plan said Beijing should step up efforts to streamline administration, delegate power to lower levels and improve regulation and services, seek to open the service sector wider, and create a sound business environment. Yin said Beijing will further optimize the business environment in the capital city for foreign investors, foreign companies and foreign talents. For instance, the city will explore the mode for negative list management in all fields, he said. A negative list defines areas in which foreign enterprises are not allowed to invest. Beijing started to commit itself to service sector opening-up in 2015, when the State Council approved the pilot programs. Li Chenggang, assistant minister of commerce, said the pilot programs have improved the development of modern services in Beijing and played a leading role in the country. Li said the Ministry of Commerce will join the city to speed up the implementation of the measures and make breakthroughs in service sector development, in order to offer more useful experiences for advancing a new round of high-level opening-up nationwide and building an open economy. For years, China has been dedicated to shifting its economic growth model toward one driven by consumption, services and innovation. Data showed the service sector has been contributing more to the country's economic growth. The sector's value-added output accounted for 52.2 percent of GDP in 2018, 0.3 percentage point higher than the previous year, according to the National Bureau of Statistics.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "More young musicians get a chance to show off their talent through the National Youth Orchestra of China program. One week after their training at the Central Conservatory of Music in Beijing, young musicians from the National Youth Orchestra of China showcased their skills at the Yale Center on July 23. Among the students was Shanghai native Wang Yixiang, who performed the fourth movement of Mozart's String Quartet No 14 in G major. Wang, who started playing the violin at the age of 5 and graduated from the Music Middle School Affiliated to the Shanghai Conservatory of Music, will go to the United States this August for further training under Nicholas Mann, who is the chair of the string department at the Manhattan School of Music. \"I missed the chance to apply for the NYO-China program last summer,\" says Wang. \"So, when the program admission process opened this year, I applied.\" As this year's focus was chamber music, 21 young musicians from China were taught by three teachers: violinist Li Qing, who is the principal second violin of the Baltimore Symphony, as well as a faculty member for violin at the Peabody Institute at Johns Hopkins University; Ma Yong, who is the principal flute at the China National Opera; and Chen Guang, a professor of trumpet at the Central Conservatory of Music in Beijing. For two weeks in July, the young musicians gathered at the Central Conservatory of Music to rehearse a selection of works in the chamber music repertoire. Meanwhile, NYO-USA was touring China with a concert at the National Centre for the Performing Arts in Beijing, under the baton of Michael Tilson Thomas, featuring pianist Jean-Yves Thibaudet.Some members of the NYO-China and NYO-USA also performed a chamber concert at the US embassy in Beijing. The US students played Chinese folk song Jasmine Flower and a piece for the string quartet composed by Chinese pipa player Wu Man. Speaking about the training and the performances, Wang says: \"I am interested in chamber music because it's a totally different way of thinking and performing, compared with playing as a soloist.,\"Before, I used to focus on my own performance, but now I think more about the music itself rather than solely about technique.\" NYO-China, which launched last summer and gathered 100-odd musicians from ages 16 to 19, was inspired by the National Youth Orchestra of the United States, a free program which started in 2013 by Carnegie Hall's Weill Music Institute. Last year, NYO-China made its debut at the Carnegie Hall in New York. Under the baton of French conductor Ludovic Morlot, the orchestra performed Chinese-American Zhou Long's The Rhyme of Taigu and Dvorak's Symphony No 9 (From the New World). Commenting on the performance, that featured Chinese pianist Yuja Wang, music critic Anthony Tommasini said in the New York Times that if the performance was a test run for the new venture \"these Chinese musicians scored big\". Unlike last year, which saw 105 young Chinese musicians between 14 to 21 performing together, this year, the program has narrowed down the number of participants to 21. \"We want to offer students a kind of intimacy which enables them to get close to their teachers with one-on-one training,\" explains Nicholas Brown, NYO-China's director of project development. As for the aims of the program, Vincent Accettola, the managing director of NYO-China, says: \"Our goal is to provide young student musicians from China access to superior instruction, performance opportunities and a platform from which they can represent their country and their generation to the world.\" Accettola moved to initiate the program last year after seeing young Chinese watching their performance during the NYO-US China tour in 2015. As for the response to the program, Chinese composer Ye Xiaogang who is the director of NYO-China says that he is happy to see young Chinese musicians of NYO-China this year hailing from not only music conservatories, but also non-conservatories, such as Beijing Bayi School and Shandong Jinan No 13 Middle School. \"This is exactly what our mission is. We are not only open to professional musicians, but also young people who love music. With this program, students learn more than how to play an instrument,\" says Ye, who is also chairman of the Chinese Musicians' Association and vice-president of the Central Conservatory of Music. Robert Blocker, senior adviser for global artistic affairs, NYO-China, who has served as the Henry and Lucy Moses Dean of Music at Yale University since 1998, says: \"There are skills that the students learned in the program that are transformative. \"In chamber music, they learn independence, discipline and the skill of being able to work collaboratively. \"For example, a string quartet from Yale has four people from four countries, speaking four languages, but they share one common language, the language of music. \"And through that language, they communicate with each other, they tell each other their dreams, they share with each other the reality of life, and from that they build a bridge of understanding.\"", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "CAIRO - Egypt's participation in the first China International Import Expo (CIIE) is a very important opportunity to increase Egyptian exports to the Chinese market, said Shirin al-Shorbagi, head of Egypt's Export Development Authority. The CIIE will be held from Nov 5-10 in Shanghai, a world famous financial hub and one of the most populous cities in China. \"The CIIE is very important for Egypt which will participate with a 250-square-meter national pavilion ... Thirty-eight Egyptian companies will participate in a 450-square-meter pavilion,\" Shorbagi said in an exclusive interview with Xinhua. So far, it is estimated that over 150,000 buyers from home and abroad will attend the expo. Apart from business exhibitions, 80 countries and three international organizations have confirmed their participation in the country-pavilion exhibition, which covers a total area of 30,000 square meters. The Egyptian official said the participation is politically and economically important, adding that the national pavilion will include the Ministries of Investment, Tourism, Planning, Trade and Industry, and the Suez Canal Authority. \"The national pavilion will highlight the new projects in Egypt,\" she said. She explained that 22 of the Egyptian companies that will participate in the CIIE operate in the agricultural sector, while the rest of the companies work in the sectors of engineering, medicines, garments and handicrafts. \"Exports to China are very limited compared with the imports ... China is a large country with a very large population and the exhibition is an opportunity to increase our exports to China,\" she said. Shorbagi noted that trade balance is in favor of China, stressing that it is a very good opportunity for Egypt as China moves to adjust trade balance with different countries. She revealed that Egypt's imports from China in 2017 amounted to about eight billion U.S. dollars, while exports stood at about 281 million dollars. According to the Egyptian official, imports from the beginning of 2018 till August hit 6.2 billion dollars, while the exports during the same period reached 256 million dollars. \"The exhibition is a good start to go to China with our companies to explore the needs of the Chinese market,\" she pointed out. Shorbagi said that during the exhibition, there will be several meetings between Chinese and Egyptian officials through Egyptian Commercial Representation Office in Shanghai and Beijing, adding that there is also a full program for both Egyptian companies and other enterprises to meet together. \"The national pavilion at the expo is an important opportunity to see Egypt with a new perspective through the recent economic reforms that have taken place, which help investors come to Egypt,\" Shorbagi reiterated. Commenting on the China-proposed Belt and Road Initiative, Shorbagi said it helps strengthen the Eyptian-Chinese ties. \"The initiative strengthens economic relations between Egypt and China,\" she noted. \"Egypt is an economic partner of China and also a tourism partner ... Chinese are very interested in Egyptian civilization and tourism.\" \"China's economic experience is unique,\" she said, expressing her strong respect for the Chinese people who are \"characterized by seriousness and strong will.\"", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Some 300,000 visitors are expected in Shanghai for the inaugural China International Import Expo, one of the major flagship events to be held in the country this year. More than 2,800 companies, including 200 Fortune Global 500 ones, from 130 countries will be taking part in the six-day event, which begins on Monday. The Shanghai expo, which will be held annually, is set to demonstrate clearly to an international audience that the nation's economy is no longer purely the \"Made in China\" manufacturing powerhouse of recent years, but is now driven by consumers who want to buy what the world has to offer. Against a backdrop of increasing international trade tensions, it is also aimed at demonstrating that China is open for business as the country marks the 40th anniversary of reform and opening-up. Sherri He, a partner at management consultants AT Kearney's Shanghai office, said it is probably the biggest import-related event ever staged. The scale of the Shanghai expo is much greater than that of the Canton Fair, which has been held twice a year in Guangzhou, capital of Guangdong province, since 1957. \"That would be a comparison point, but that (the Canton Fair) is for both imports and exports. This (the Shanghai expo) is probably the first-ever global import event,\" she said. The exhibitors include a wide range of companies, from those showcasing their expertise in high-end technologies such as industrial robots, machine tools, artificial intelligence and advanced healthcare, to those selling food and luxury consumer goods. The main goal for some will be to get close to the Chinese middle-class consumer, whose growth in terms of numbers is set to be one of the global economic megatrends of the coming decades. According to global management consultants McKinsey& Co, the country's middle class could increase to 630 million by 2022, almost double the current US population of 327 million. German carmaker BMW is among the high-profile exhibitors. It reconfirmed its commitment to the China market by announcing last month that it would pay 3.6 billion euros ($4.2 billion) to take majority control of its China joint venture with Brilliance China Automotive Holdings. BMW is taking advantage of new rules designed to open up China's automotive sector to foreign players announced by President Xi Jinping at the Boao Forum in Hainan province in April. Jochen Goller, president and CEO of BMW Group Region China, said one of the expo's aims is to highlight Chinese consumers' need to upgrade, which he hopes his company can meet through its leading position in autonomous driving and electric cars. \"(This) greatly resonates with the core purpose of the CIIE. We believe the expo is a platform to demonstrate our long-term commitment as well as our confidence to grow with China,\" he said. However, exhibitors will be well aware that the Chinese consumer market, although potentially lucrative, is not an easy one to crack.,Alina Ma, associate research director in Shanghai for market research company Mintel, said that simply being foreign is no longer such an attraction to Chinese consumers. \"This may have been the case 10 years ago, but no longer. Chinese consumers have now traveled abroad and have a lot of experience. They are particularly savvy when it comes to buying online,\" she said. \"They like to compare and contrast product features, and they often find that Chinese products offer what they need and are also value for money.\" Ma said the country's consumers are also increasingly seeking products with Chinese heritage or value. \"This applies to younger consumers as much as older ones and poses another challenge for foreign companies.\" Mats Harborn, president of the European Union Chamber of Commerce in China, whose Shanghai chapter will release its position paper on the expo on Friday, said 60 percent of its members thought Chinese products were now equally or more innovative than their own. \"It is a signal I want companies to send back to their headquarters. They need to wake up and put their resources in China,\" he said. According to official data, China's imports are now an important driver of the global economy, with the world's second-largest economy being also the second-largest importer of goods for nine consecutive years, making up 10.2 percent of global imports last year. China's imports of goods in 2017 rose to $1.74 trillion, up by 16 percent on the previous year, whereas its exports rose by 11.4 percent to more than $2.21 trillion. Louis Kuijs, head of Asia Economics for consultancy Oxford Economics in Hong Kong, said the rebalancing away from exports toward consumption and is one of the most important economic trends globally. \"Domestic demand in China continues to grow faster than in the rest of the world, which means imports are going to be increasingly pulled in by China,\" he said. Despite the rhetoric coming from US President Donald Trump's administration about China's trade surplus with his country, its surplus with the rest of the world is disappearing, Kuijs said. He forecast that the current account surplus of 1.3 percent of GDP last year will fall to just 0.1 percent this year and may soon even become a deficit. \"If it happens, it will be a milestone and a lot will be written about it. China already has a deficit with some economies and countries in Asia which are part of China's Asian supply chain involving imports of large volumes of components. It also imports raw materials from countries like Australia. Increasing imports will mean that its current overall surplus will disappear.\" The expo is taking place as China marks the 40th anniversary of reform and opening-up. Leon Wang, executive vice-president, international, and China president at AstraZeneca, the UK-headquartered pharmaceuticals multinational, which is an exhibitor in Shanghai, said, \"At a time when China is celebrating its 40th anniversary of reform and opening-up, it is of greater significance for the country to host this international event in Shanghai. \"It shows not only the rise of China under this policy, but also presents a national image that it is open, inclusive and reciprocal.\" China is the company's biggest market after the US, and Wang said rising incomes are leading the country's middle class, in particular, to demand better healthcare. \"With higher economic growth and personal incomes, people are demanding more and better healthcare. The needs for precise, personalized and smart treatment with affordable and accessible healthcare services are increasing,\" he said. \"We have delved deep into the China market and increasing investment. (We are) focusing on therapy areas where Chinese patients have the most urgent demand,\" he said. The expo is also likely to illustrate how imports are important in driving the country's industrial modernization and achieving goals, such as Made in China 2025, and becoming a global technology leader by 2035. It particularly wants to move ahead in advanced manufacturing, robotics and artificial intelligence. Denis Depoux, CEO for Greater China with management consultants Roland Berger, said advancing technology is generally a collaborative effort. \"Imports make sense from a multiple standpoint, but one of the most underlying is their role in the modernization of the Chinese industrial footprint in terms of technology transfers and in other respects.\" Depoux, who is also the consultancy's deputy head for Asia, said China also needs imports to fill gaps in its technology deficits, despite its overall ambitious plans. \"You can decide overnight that you want to be a producer of aircraft engines or gas turbines, but from that moment to actually achieving it could have a lead time of 20 to 30 years. In the meantime, China, like many other nations, will keep importing these high-end products.\",Mary Ma, general secretary in Shanghai for leading independent think tank the Center for China and Globalization, believes the expo can be compared with the Great Exhibition staged in London in the middle of the 19th century, and is a major opportunity for importers to showcase their products. \"Many have said it provides a 'six plus 365 opportunity' - you exhibit at the show for six days and then you can sell online for 365 days. This is particularly the case with November 11 (Singles Day - China's equivalent to Black Friday in the US - when online goods are heavily discounted) coming up,\" she said. Ma, who returned to China last year after working in Chicago for the International Trade Centre in Illinois on promoting exports to the country, said the purchasing power of younger people in China is something of a phenomenon. \"The one thing I noticed when I came back was the number of 20-to 30-year-olds in the shopping malls of Shanghai and Beijing. This is a huge market and I am not sure if the foreign brands do their best to reach it, particularly online.\" Joseph Healy, CEO at specialist lender Judo Capital in Melbourne, Australia, and author of Chinese Firms Going Global: Can They Succeed?, said the changing nature of China's imports is beginning to have an effect on traditional resource exporters such as Australia. \"It used to be just an exporter of raw materials, but that is shifting. China's growing middle class is a wonderful opportunity for Australia and New Zealand's dairy products, wines and other products,\" he said. \"On a political level, however, Australia has been pathetic in terms of engaging with this opportunity and has come across at times as quite disrespectful.\" Depoux, at Roland Berger, believes the expo will be a major opportunity for some of the countries - along with the Belt and Road Initiative - who have not exported to China before. \"I am thinking, in particular, of Central Asia and agricultural exports, but this might also be an opportunity for some African and South American countries to try to establish a market position in China,\" he said. However, he insists that while this market has huge potential, it also has its unique challenges. \"It is a very complex, fragmented and very fast-moving market. It often changes so fast that by the time you are thinking about moving in, it has changed again.\" With trade tensions escalating, many expo participants hope the event will demonstrate the importance of open trade. Wang, at AstraZeneca, is confident that it will send an important signal. \"We greatly admire the foresight of the Chinese leadership in uniting the world ever more closely by hosting such an international event. China is an important engine for global economic growth and prosperity, and I am pleased the Chinese government supports globalization and free trade,\" he said. Wang Huiyao, president and founder of the Center for China and Globalization, agrees that the expo is a major opportunity for companies worldwide. \"China wants to buy more. It doesn't want a trade surplus. This event is very significant and represents a major shopping opportunity for the Chinese,\" he said.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Beijing will further curb pollution in air, water and soil this year, with more measures to be taken including stronger controls on diesel cargo vehicles, the municipal environmental authority said on Wednesday. Yu Jianhua, deputy director of the the Beijing Municipal Bureau of Ecology and Environment, said the city will work to cut annual and three-year average concentrations of PM 2.5, as well as improve water and soil quality to meet standards set for 2020 in a national plan. The latest data shows average concentration of PM2.5 - hazardous fine particles with a diameter less than 2.5 microns - has dropped to 51 micrograms per cubic meter in 2018, down 12.1 percent on a year-on-year basis. The average level of PM2.5 will continue to decline in 2019, Yu said. In 2019, the capital will phase out 300 manufacturing and pollution-intensive enterprises, and gradually replace diesel-powered vehicles with new energy ones, he said. According to data released by the bureau, vehicle exhaust emissions have been the major source of PM2.5, accounting for 45 percent of the total. In July 2018, the State Council released a three-year action plan to curb air pollution by 2020, aiming for 80 percent of days in major cities to have good air quality by 2020 on average, and the average PM2.5 concentration is expected to decrease by 18 percent from the level in 2015.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "A new four-year Olympic cycle kicked off as the Olympic flag was handed to Beijing Mayor Chen Jining at the closing ceremony of the 2018 Pyeongchang Winter Olympics on Sunday. To mark the special moment of the flag handover, several officially licensed products were released by the Beijing Organizing Committee for the 2022 Olympics on Sunday, which include badges, stamp folders, shopping bags and noble metal medals. The production runs of most of the Olympic flag handover memorabilia are limited to 2,022 units, to ensure their rarity and collectible value. So far, an official online store and 17 official retail stores for the Beijing Winter Games have opened nationwide. And more than 140 items in six categories, including badges, costumes, stationery, ceramics, stamps and noble metal products, have been approved by the committee as licensed merchandise for the 2022 Beijing Winter Games .", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Carving your own niche in a thriving industry in a foreign country is no mean feat, especially if it is China's booming livestreaming industry. China is home to prominent online celebrities such as Angelababy, while millions of Chinese people broadcast their daily lives in real time, making small fortunes in the process. But Greek twin sisters Marianna and Sofia Erotokritou have slowly been making a name for themselves in this online world, acting as virtual ambassadors for their home in their adopted country. Like most others who break into the industry, Marianna and Sofia stumbled upon livestreaming by chance. When they first decided to upload videos of themselves, little did they realize that they would find such a receptive audience in China. In the beginning, the sisters uploaded short videos in Mandarin about popular spots in Beijing they visited\u00a3\u00adsuch as Nanluogu Xiang and Sanlitun\u00a3\u00adintroducing the food they tasted. To their surprise, they received hundreds of positive comments online and more livestreaming requests from their fans. Since then, their regular broadcasts on NetEase platforms are eagerly lapped up by audiences keen to understand the finer nuances that link the two countries. Be it food, fashion, theater, or even aspects that cover their daily lives, the sisters have managed to be a cultural connection point in their own unique way. They have become known for livestreaming themselves strolling among white houses with blue domes on the island of Santorini, surrounded by the Aegean Sea; tasting traditional stuffed Greek pies at Monastiaraki Square in the capital Athens; and riding a tandem bicycle on the ancient city walls of Xi'an in Northwest China's Shaanxi province. Although the attention they receive from Chinese netizens is positive, the sisters maintain that none of it would have been possible but for their excellent command of Mandarin and their in-depth knowledge about Chinese culture. Marianna and Sofia said that they did not realize their father's numerous stories about China from his numerous business trips would one day be their ticket to fame and fortune. \"China seems to be a very mysterious country, just like Greece,\" said Sofia, the younger sister by one minute. \"We wanted to explore and feel this historical country in person, so we decided to study in Beijing.\" Marianna and Sofia joined Beijing's University of International Business and Economics in 2014, majoring in international economics and trade. Although they are still in their fourth year of studies, they have already started to earn their own money thanks to social media. The two do not earn much through livestreaming, as their main purpose is to promote both countries' cultures. During each of their live shows, the two gain rewards and encouragement from netizens, helping them to explore and travel more widely both in China and Greece. Meanwhile, they are also being noticed by both Chinese and Greek merchants, who invite them to try their food and promote their products. Last year, Marianna and Sofia were invited to introduce Greek culture on Kai Jiang La, an educational talk show aimed at younger viewers of CCTV-1, China Central Television's flagship channel. The experience inspired them to teach Greek on their own show. \"Our business is not only about the financial benefit, but mainly to provide a platform for Sino-Greek communication and understanding under the Belt and Road Initiative,\" said Marianna. \"We hope our videos can encourage more people from China and Greece to become closer.\"", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "China's first unstaffed \"car vending machine\" was unveiled in South China's Guangzhou on Monday. The multi-story facility was launched by China's e-commerce giant Alibaba and US car maker Ford. The steel building, located in the Baiyun district, covers nearly 1,000 square meters and holds up to 42 vehicles, including the Ford New Mondeo, Explorer SUV and Mustang. Customers can make an appointment for a three-day test drive by searching the keywords \"super test drive\" on the Tmall or Taobao apps, providing their identification details, and paying a deposit and a fee for the service on their mobile phones. They can then access the vehicles in the garage by themselves. Customers with a Sesame Credit score of 700 or higher can test drive a car for free. The \"car vending machine\" will be open to the public from Monday to April 23. Similar machines are being planned in Beijing and Hangzhou.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "BEIJING - The Palace Museum, housed in the Forbidden City in Beijing, will be closed to the public every Monday for renovation and maintenance starting in June, the museum announced Thursday. However, it will be open on public holidays, the museum added. The former imperial palace had been closed on Monday afternoons since January 2013. The closure was extended to all day Monday from January 2014, except for public holidays and Mondays during July and August, the holiday season for schools. Based on previous closure policies, the new decision was made to better protect cultural relics, renovate ancient architecture, and to improve exhibitions, according to the museum. During Monday closure, conservation and maintenance of cultural relics and exhibition facilities, as well as construction of infrastructure will proceed as usual. In the heart of Beijing, the Forbidden City was home to China's emperors and was the highest center of power for five centuries. It received 16.7 million visitors in 2017.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Discover the best things to do in Beijing with our weekly roundup of art and exhibitions, music and performances, and trending activities to do around town. To recommend an upcoming event or activity, please contact    Beijing is center stage for top ballet and choreography talent this weekend. The Beijing International Ballet and Choreography Competition, the fourth of its kind in six years, aims to uncover the dancers and choreographers of the future. There are two categories\u00a3\u00adclassical ballet and choreography\u00a3\u00adand it is open to contestants aged 14 to 22 for ballet and those aged 18 to 40 for choreography. It runs through Aug 11 and will finish with two performances on Aug 12 and 13. Learn more  .  Six Hungarian movies, including   (2015),   (2015),   (2014) and   (2015), will be screened (with Chinese subtitles) at the Hungarian Film Festival in Beijing, charging only 5 yuan for each film.,    is Shakespeare's fantasy about love. Featuring modern choreography, the drama incorporates a strong Russian cultural flavor and musical dance elements, while also making use of British minimalist style in the set and lighting design. The drama, directed by three-time Olivier Awards winner Declan Donnellan, won the Best Director Award at the Russian Golden Mask Awards and the Chivalric Order of Culture from the French government.  stars A-list Russian actors and all roles are played by male actors. After its premiere in 2003, the dazzling production has been performed on the most prestigious stages around the globe including in the UK, France, Brazil, Chili, Australia and New Zealand.,   Although contemporary art has developed varying mediums and styles, realistic oil paintings still enjoy a large fan base in China. The Chinese Academy of Oil Painting is showing 180 paintings at its Beijing gallery through Aug 10, demonstrating the spectrum of realism of Chinese artists. Learn more  .   An immersive exhibition in Beijing invites visitors to reflect on how digital technology is shaping their lives. Since its opening two weeks ago, Today Art Museum's ongoing exhibition,  has drawn big crowds. The museum, in the heart of Beijing's downtown, has turned three floors of its main building into a playground of lights, sounds and images, using digital technologies. Learn more  .  Beijing-based artist and designer Li Linlin, 25, was awarded this year's Lalique Nova Art Prize in Beijing on July 31. Her installations and a collaborative work with Lalique, the French crystal brand, are now on show at the 2017 Art Nova 100 Opening Exhibition. Learn more  .   British artist Gillian Ayres, one of the most important living abstract painters, has made her China debut in the Beijing exhibition Sailing off the Edge. The exhibit will showcase paintings she has produced since 1979. Get a sneak peek  . ", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "BEIJING - More sections of the metro line 8, which will run north and south through Beijing, will start operation in 2018, local authorities said Monday. The section to be operational this year is between Zhushikou and Yinghai, stretching 16.4 km. Passengers can also change to line 7, line 10 and line 14 at interchange stations. Line 8 extends for a total of about 50 km and will run between Zhuxinzhuang and Yinghai once the construction is complete. The metro line passes a number of attractions, such as Wangfujing, a busy commercial street; Shichahai, a famous bar area; Qianmen Street and the National Art Museum of China. Construction of the line began in 2005 and three years later, the first phase was finished to serve the Beijing Olympic Games. Now the section between Zhuxinzhuang and Nanluoguxiang, a popular hutong in city center, are in service. Beijing has taken measures to ease traffic congestion in the city by building more subway lines. By the end of 2017, the city's metro system measured 608 km. By the end of 2018, the system will be extended to 630 km. Beijing now has 22 metro lines.", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "Zhang Shuoqi, a 31-year-old website editor who rented an apartment in Beijing for two years, recently became an intercity commuter. She now gets up at 5 every morning to commute between Tianjin and Beijing by train. In addition to a broken toilet and street noise late at night, the final straw that made her decide to move was that the rent on her 7-square-meter room would soon rise by 500 yuan ($73) to 3,350 yuan, more than 40 percent of her monthly salary. \u00a1\u00b0The rent is too expensive. I\u00a1\u00afd rather live in my own home in Tianjin, which is larger and more comfortable,\u00a1\u00b1 she said. Cao Xiaofang, a saleswoman in Shenzhen, Guangdong province, was told she would have to pay an extra 1,000 yuan to continue living in the same apartment when her one-year rental contract expired in August. Although she had a 10-sq-m bedroom, Cao shared the kitchen, living room and restroom with six people, and often had to wait in line to take a shower. \u00a1\u00b0Young people in Shenzhen are under pressure. Many of us live in small spaces like pigeon lofts,\u00a1\u00b1 she said. Li Ran, a 28-year-old brand planner, who rented in Beijing, said the rent accounted for 25 percent of her salary. \u00a1\u00b0The salary of many migrants in Beijing is just about enough to ensure they don\u00a1\u00aft starve,\u00a1\u00b1 she said. Qian Junjie, a consultant in Shanghai, has just rented his house to several tea salesmen. He said he raised the rent by 2,000 yuan this year. \u00a1\u00b0If I know others are asking for 6,000 yuan, why should I keep it at 4,000 yuan? I\u00a1\u00afm in debt, too. But I don\u00a1\u00aft mind giving a discount, say, 5,800 yuan, to have a stable tenant,\u00a1\u00b1 he said. About 190 million people in China are renters, and the figure is expected to reach 270 million by 2030, bolstering the scale of the rental market to 4.2 trillion yuan, according to data from Orient Securities. The rising rents in major cities, such as Beijing, Shen-zhen and Shanghai, pose challenges for migrants, especially the younger generation, to survive, and recently sparked a nationwide discussion about the rental market. According to Creprice, a website managed by the China Real Estate Association, the average per-square-meter rental in Beijing was 94.87 yuan in August, a year-on-year rise of about 21 percent. In Shanghai, the figure was 75.34 yuan, a 19 percent rise from last year, while the rate in Shenzhen was more than 25 percent. Liu Weimin, a researcher with the Development Research Center of the State Council, China\u00a1\u00afs Cabinet, told Xinhua News Agency that part of the reason for the rising cost is that real estate agencies are eager to expand their scale as more capital flows into the rental market. In January, Ziroom, a major online apartment rental platform, completed financing of up to 4 billion yuan. Danke, another real estate rental operator, received financing of $100 million this year. Wen Ming, a former real estate agent and a subletter in Beijing for more than 10 years, said many of the companies raised rental costs to persuade homeowners to sign agreements with them. \u00a1\u00b0They thought if they acted for many clients, they could decide rental as they wanted,\u00a1\u00b1 he said. \u00a1\u00b0It\u00a1\u00afs a regional monopoly.\u00a1\u00b1 He added that the competition for homes is not just happening among companies, but also within companies. \u00a1\u00b0Each store has a KPI (key performance indicator) system, decided by the number of houseowners they have signed.\u00a1\u00b1 The rumor became public when Hu Jinghui, former vice-president of 5i5j, told the media that major rental service operators were competing to get homes by raising rental fees. He left the company soon after, and two companies he had mentioned refuted his comments. In late August, 10 rental companies announced that they would not raise rental fees unnecessarily and promised to release more than 120,000 houses to provide a stable and healthy rental market, as organized by the Beijing real estate agents association. Daniel Yao, head of research at JLL China, a provider of real estate services, said the recent surge in rental prices indicated strong demand for leasing homes, especially from young people. More millennials have started to flow into the labor market, and they are more willing to rent rather than buy, given the high property price and tightened purchasing policy, he said. To solve the problem, the supply of rental houses should be increased by making full use of the stock of real estate, he added. Some hotels, shopping malls and office buildings that have performed poorly could be renovated into rental apartments, Yao said, adding that information provided should be more transparent for both landlords and tenants. For example, tenants with high individual credit could be given a discount in rental or other favorable terms. Besides, the recent reform of personal income tax provides a certain deduction for people with children in need of education, and for expenses to pay for treatment of serious illnesses. Maybe the same rules could benefit tenants, too, he said. Wang Jia, a partner at Roland Berger, said rents would rise in the long term due to the process of urbanization and economic development. But the rise will be stable under macroscopic readjustment and control from the government. He said since the country has successfully regulated the real estate market \u00a1\u00aa to avoid speculation and a housing price surge \u00a1\u00aa the future of the rental market is positive. \u00a1\u00b0Efforts should be made to fight dishonest intermediary agents and speculation,\u00a1\u00b1 he said, adding that companies should innovate their products to improve services to customers. ", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "She was one of the most well-known TV hosts of the country, appearing in national galas such as CCTV's annual Spring Festival gala and the opening ceremony of the 2008 Beijing Olympic Games. Despite racking up these achievements, Zhou Tao quit her job at CCTV in 2016 to embark on a new career as the performing director of the Beijing Performing Arts Group. The 50-year-old will now return to the stage, albeit one of a different nature, for her debut performance in the theatrical production . Since its premiere in April in Taiyuan, Shanxi province, the play has toured 18 Chinese cities including Nanjing, Jiangsu province, Chongqing and Zhuhai, Guangdong province. The play will debut in Beijing on Aug 16. Directed by Russian dramatist Yury Eremin,   revolves around the romance of two characters which spans from 1975 to 2015. After meeting one another in middle school, the couple becomes separated due to their respective career pursuits. \"This play allows me to dream,\" says Zhou. \"I play the role of Lu Jiajia from her teenage days to when she becomes an adult. The age difference is challenging. I had to recall my youth to portray the role.\",Zhou's hometown, Anhui province, is known for huangmeixi, a traditional Chinese opera with a history dating back to the ancient Tang Dynasty (618-907). As such, she grew up with a passion for theater and received acting training in high school. After graduating from China Communication University, Zhou worked for three years at Beijing Television and 23 years at CCTV. \"I always wanted to perform in theater. If I didn't quit my job at CCTV, I wouldn't have had the chance to play the role and fulfill my dream of becoming a theater actress,\" Zhou says. According to Wang Keran, the producer and one of the scriptwriters of Love Letters, the play also mirrors the country's transformation since its opening-up in 1978. The pair recorded the key moments when their lives were affected by changes in society in their love letters to one another. Some of the events mentioned include the restarting of the national college entrance exam in 1977, the coming of the Internet age in the early 2000s and the devastating Wenchuan earthquake in Sichuan province in 2008. \"We wanted to depict the relationship against the backdrop of the country's changes,\" says Wang. \"In this way, the audience can relate to the play because they have also experienced the same events like the two leading characters.\",Chinese actor Sun Qiang plays the role of Zhang Mingliang, the other leading character. Sun has performed in various movies and TV series as well as in Taiwan director Stan Lai's eight-hour epic play A Dream Like A Dream. \"I was attracted by the story of   because it reminded me of my days in school,\" says Sun. One of the most unforgettable moments from his time in school was when his house was burned down in a fire on March 31, 1983. \"I felt so terrified at that moment. When I came to school the day after the fire, many classmates came over to me and sent me lots of gifts. It was very touching,\" recalls Sun. \"Among the students who presented me gifts was a girl I had crush on. She gave me a pencil box and a notebook and I was so excited. All those feelings are vividly depicted when I play the role of Zhang Mingliang.\" Time 7:30pm, Aug 16 to 19. Address: Poly Theater, 14 Dongzhimennan Dajie, Dongcheng district, Beijing. Tel: 400-600-4100", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "Beijing's city government has pledged to continue to improve the quality of teachers at countryside schools, as well as boost their incomes, to provide equal education opportunities to urban and rural students. The capital will offer incentives to encourage teachers to stay in rural areas, Li Yi, deputy director of the Beijing Education Commission, said at a news conference on Wednesday. The city began encouraging normal schools to increase enrollment of students majoring in teaching last year. Meanwhile, authorities have promised to give 40,000 yuan ($6,100) to each rural teacher who graduates from a normal school or comprehensive college with a nonteaching major and who has been working in a rural area for five successive years. In addition, each teacher will receive a monthly allowance of between 1,400 and 4,000 yuan, depending on the distance of their work from the center city. By Nov 6, 17,489 rural teachers in 383 schools had received the allowance. Li said the government is also discussing the provision of low-cost rental housing for rural teachers. Beijing has allocated 20 percent more financial support to the training of rural teachers compared with urban-based teachers. Rural teachers who go to urban schools for training will receive 530 yuan per person each time. Xu Guowen, the principal of a primary school in Miyun district, who has been working in rural schools for 23 years, said he has experienced the development of education in villages. \"It was hard to keep rural teachers because of many practical reasons, including long-distance transportation, taking care of families in faraway places, and individual career development,\" Xu said. \"The turnover of rural teachers resulted in a low quality of education for students.\" He said the new policies have given financial support and housing subsidies to rural teachers, as well as many training projects, which have given rural teachers more confidence. Cui Haiming, a physical education teacher in Huairou district, has been working in rural schools for 28 years. In 2013, he started working in a primary school in a remote mountain area as a volunteer, he said at the news conference. When the voluntary period came to an end, he decided to stay. He said the district government has helped equip the school with new sports facilities, which has improved teaching conditions. \"My salary was 5,000 yuan a month in 2014. As the subsidies have been implemented, I now get about 10,000 yuan a month, which has improved my living conditions,\" Cui said. He said he will stay at the rural school until retirement.", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "Hamlet will have its most accurate Chinese rendering yet thanks to a new adaptation of the classic that's set to hit the stage, Zhang Kun reports in Shanghai. Often portrayed as a melancholic young man burdened with indecisiveness, Hamlet will take on the form of a hero and philosopher in the upcoming Chinese adaptation of the famous Shakespearean play that will be performed at the Shanghai Grand Theater over Jan 16-17. The play marks the second time that 57-year-old theater director Li Liuyi is working with the Shakespeare Folio Translation Project, an initiative by the Royal Shakespeare Company, a major British theater company in Stratford-upon-Avon. RSC's folio translation project is aimed at making William Shakespeare's works more accessible to Chinese speakers. Li is an award-winning theater director whose previous work includes Tea House by Lao She, the classical Greek tragedy Antigone, The Cherry Orchard by Anton Chekhov and Shakespeare's King Lear in 2016-the first play he worked on as part of the RSC project.,Li says his production will \"be loyal to the original\", though he did move Hamlet's famous opening soliloquy to the end of the play. The adaptation will also feature a recital of the line \"To be, or not to be? That is the question,\" in six interpretations to show the differing views that translators have of the story. \"Each translator has made his or her personal interpretation. They have provided the guide for me to understand the play, and discover the ideas of Shakespeare,\" says Li. \"The Chinese language has evolved over the decades, and ideas have changed. We wanted to make a new production for a contemporary Chinese audience.\" The main translator for the play, Li Jianming, has already received praise for her work. According to a Beijing News review-the production premiered at the National Center for Performing Arts in Beijing in December-Li Jianming's work is \"extremely well suited to live performance\". The director picked Chinese actor Hu Jun to play the role of Hamlet. Li Liuyi says Hu is the best contemporary Chinese actor for the role because of his involvement with theater productions before he became famous for portraying heroic characters in martial arts shows. The director also made the bold decision to have Lu Fang, who happens to be Hu's wife, to play the roles of Ophelia and Gertrude. In some scenes, these two characters appear on stage at the same time, requiring Lu to shift between two roles without a change in outfit.,\"You will have no difficulty distinguishing the two characters,\" Li Liuyi says. \"Lu Fang is one of the best actresses from the Beijing People's Art Theater, and you can analyze my design of her two roles using the Oedipus complex theories, but her rich-layered performance will tell more than just that.\" Veteran actor Pu Cunxin, who is the chairman of the China Theater Association, will play the role of Claudius and the ghost of the late king. RSC's Shakespeare Folio Translation Project aims to have all 36 of the playwright's works translated to create a new collection of Chinese translations by 2023. The translations are tested through a series of workshops and rehearsals. \"Together, theater workers and translators will unpick the clues about meaning, character and pacing that have been ignored in previous translations,\" says RSC artistic director Gregory Doran. Contact the writer at zhangkun@chinadaily.com.cn", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": " Sept 26-Oct 5 - 7:30 pm : Beijing Polly Theater Creators and co-directors Luke Cresswell and Steve McNicholas have created a theatrical experience - playful, thrilling and charged with energy. Stomp has hammered out a universal theatrical language of rhythm, movement, comedy and dance, bringing everyday objects like Zippo lighters, plastic bags, bin lids - even the kitchen sink - to life along the way. This Broadway musical shows the globe that even the most ordinary objects can do extraordinary things when put in the right hands. : Oct 11-21 - 2:30 pm/7:30 pm : Beijing Century Theater In 1996, an original rock musical by a little-known composer opened on Broadway. Two decades later, Jonathan Larson's Rent continues to speak loudly and defiantly to audiences across generations and all over the world. And now, this Pulitzer Prize and Tony Award-winning masterpiece returns to the stage in a vibrant 20th anniversary touring production. A re-imagining of Puccini's La Boheme, Rent follows an unforgettable year in the lives of seven artists struggling to follow their dreams without selling out. With its inspiring message of joy and hope in the face of fear, this timeless celebration of friendship and creativity reminds us to measure our lives with the only thing that truly matters - love. : Sept 16 - 3 pm/7:30 pm : Mei Lanfang Grand Theater Featuring a timeless score from this gifted composer, The Nutcracker is a renowned Russian classic presenting, as it does, evocative music and exquisite dance. This ballet, with its mystery and romance, has captured the imagination of many generations over the years and continues to attract large audiences worldwide. This most famous of fantasy ballets for all the family begins as night falls on Christmas Eve. As snowflakes fall outside, the warm glow of the open fire sends flickering shadows across the boughs of the Christmas tree and all the presents beneath. When midnight strikes we have swept away to a fairy tale world where nothing is quite as it seems, toy dolls spring to life, the Mouse King and his mouse army battle with the Nutcracker Prince and we travel through the Land of Snow to an enchanted place the magic really takes place.,: Aug 24-Sept 6 - 7:30 pm : Beijing Tianqiao Performing Arts Center Inspired by true events, Kinky Boots takes audiences from a gentlemen's shoe factory in Northampton to the glamorous catwalks of Milan. Charlie Price is struggling to live up to his father's expectations and continue the family business of Price & Son. With the factory's future hanging in the balance, help arrives in the unlikely but spectacular form of Lola, a fabulous performer in need of some sturdy new stilettos. This joyous musical celebration is about the friendships we discover and the belief that you can change the world when you change your mind. : Sept 6-8 - 7:30 pm : National Centre for the Performing Arts Berlin's esteemed Schaubuhne theater presents a radically revised adaptation of An Enemy of the People, Ibsen's potent 1882 drama about individual and social responsibility. The story of a whistleblower in a small town whose efforts to speak truth to power are shut down by his self-interested neighbors, the play both implicates and exhilarates its audience in a conversation about the perils of democratic capitalism. Directed by Thomas Ostermeier, for decades a leading creative voice and provocateur in the European theater, the production has received strong reactions from audiences and critics alike, largely because of its controversial handling of the play's climactic scene. : Oct 12-14 - 8 pm : Friendship Theater During the \"culture revolution\" (1966-76), astronomer Ye Wenjie after going through all the hardships of life is recruited into \"Red Coast Base\", a top-secret military base. She uses the sun as a transmitter and sends a message to the outer space, making a breakthrough in the search for extraterrestrial civilization. Three stars move unpredictably, so for four light years Trisolaran civilization underwent total destruction and rebirth and now forced to flee from their parent star. Just at this time, they receive a message from the Earth. Ye Wenjie, who lost her hope for humankind, exposes the Earth coordinates to Trisolarans, thus absolutely changing the fate of mankind! Thirty-six years later, the Earth's basic scientific research faces abnormal interference. Nanomaterials researcher Wang Miao tries to find the answers by playing a mystical online game called \"Three-body\". While participating at the player's meeting, he finds out that the Earth is awaiting the arrival of Trisolarans and they have established a secret organization ETO (Earth-Trisolaris Organization), approaching the truth of Trisolaran world step by step. : Shanghai Grand Theater : Sept 13-15 - 7:15 pm Der fliegende Hollander (The Flying Dutchman) was Richard Wagner's fourth full-length opera and his first considered masterpiece. And it's fitting that the opera that helped to cement the controversial composer's legacy deals with a familiar maritime tale - the legend of the Flying Dutchman. Wagner's version retells the haunting story of an undead ship captain doomed to an endless journey across the seas. His wandering will not cease until he can find and keep a faithful and true love - an accomplishment put even further out of reach, considering he can only come ashore once every seven years. Wagner was just 29 when he conducted the world premiere of Der Fliegende Hollander in Dresden. But as his compositional skills had continued to develop, he would revisit his earlier masterpiece several times for revisions. : Aug 18-Sept 9 - 7:30 pm : National Theater of China A collaboration between the National Theatre of the UK and the National Theatre of China brings the Mandarin version of War Horse to Beijing, with a starring-role puppet you can't believe is made of cane and nylon. At the outbreak of World War I, Joey, young Albert's beloved horse, is sold to the Cavalry and shipped to France. He's soon caught up in enemy fire, and fate takes him on an extraordinary journey, serving on both sides before finding himself alone in no man's land. Albert, who remained on his parents' Devon farm, cannot forget Joey. Although still not old enough to enlist, he embarks on a treacherous mission to find Joey and bring him home. Based on the beloved novel by Michael Morpurgo, this powerfully moving and imaginative drama, filled with stirring music and songs, is a show of phenomenal inventiveness. At its heart are astonishing life-size horses by South Africa's Handspring Puppet Company, who bring breathing, galloping, charging horses to thrilling life on stage.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "  By hosting a number of important international events during the past five years, China has adopted an active approach to diplomacy amid efforts to improve global governance, analysts said.  Since the 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China in November 2012, the world's second-largest economy has successfully hosted a number of influential multinational events, such as the 2014 APEC Summit in Beijing, the 2016 G20 Summit in Hangzhou, Zhejiang province, and the Belt and Road Forum for International Cooperation Beijing in May.  The latest international event hosted by China, the BRICS Summit, took place last month in the coastal city of Xiamen, Fujian province. Leaders of the five BRICS countries - Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa - and five representatives of other developing nations - Egypt, Mexico, Thailand, Tajikistan and Guinea - gathered to discuss measures to boost practical cooperation.  At least two important multilateral meetings are already on China's schedule in the coming two years: The Shanghai Cooperation Organization Summit will be held in June next year and the second Belt and Road Forum for International Cooperation will take place in 2019.  In early 2014, Foreign Minister Wang Yi raised the concept of \"host diplomacy\" while talking about China's hosting of the Conference on Interaction and Confidence Building in Asia Measures and the APEC meeting in the same year.  Jia Wenshan, a professor at the National Academy for Development and Strategy at Renmin University of China, said Beijing's approach to host diplomacy is infused with President Xi Jinping's concept of the Chinese Dream and a \"community of shared destiny\", which China is determined to realize.  Xi's ideas on global governance and his concept of new engines of globalization such as peace, openness and innovation are all aimed at erasing \"the deficit of peace, the deficit of development, and the deficit of governance\" in the world, he added.  Jin Yong, a professor of international relations at the Communication University of China, said the country is assuming its international responsibilities to promote common development through measures such as inviting a large number of developing nations to attend international events it hosts.  As one of the major contributors to global economic growth, China's innovative concepts on improving global governance and promoting global peace and common prosperity have gained wide recognition and support from other countries, he said.   ", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "BEIJING --Chinese President Xi Jinping met with Mauritanian President Mohamed Ould Abdel Aziz on Sunday ahead of the 2018 Beijing Summit of the Forum on China-Africa Cooperation (FOCAC). China-Mauritania relations are a fine example of China's relations with African and developing countries, Xi stressed. China regards Mauritania as a sincere and reliable friend and partner, and appreciates the firm support that Mauritania always gives on issues involving China's core interests and major concerns, Xi said, adding that China will continue to support Mauritania's efforts in safeguarding stability and seeking development. The two sides should regard the Belt and Road cooperation as a new starting point for innovating cooperation models, pushing collaboration in key areas including infrastructure, and strengthening the ability for Mauritania to achieve self-reliant development, Xi said.,China appreciates the active role that President Aziz plays in the regional efforts to fight terrorism and maintain stability, and is willing to cooperate with member countries of the G5 Sahel in peace and security via various ways. Aziz said Mauritania speaks highly of China's firm support for multilateralism and its contribution to world peace and security, and highly appreciates the proposal by President Xi of building a community with a shared future for humanity. Mauritania firmly upholds the one-China policy, Aziz said, adding that Mauritania believes that the Belt and Road Initiative will promote Africa-China joint development while the FOCAC Beijing Summit will promote Africa-China cooperation and the building of an even stronger China-Africa community with a shared future. After the meeting, the two leaders witnessed the signing of bilateral cooperation documents.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "A TV series loosely based on the \"Two Bombs, One Satellite\" project, China's nuclear and space program, recently began airing on Beijing Satellite TV and the video streaming site Tencent Video. The 43-episode series,  directed by Han Xiaojun, is about a group of friends, who go from fresh college graduates to established engineers at a rocket research center in Southwest China. The story, spanning three decades, starts with China's successful detonation of its first atomic bomb in the Xinjiang Uygur autonomous region on Oct 16, 1964, goes on to depict the turbulence of the 1970s and the huge changes brought about by the reform and opening-up policies. Tie Fo, the producer, who has been in the television industry for more than 30 years, says he first read the script in 2007. \"It was penned by Huang Jian, who previously worked in a Guizhou rocket research center,\" he recalls in a telephone interview with China Daily. Tie had once worked in Sichuan province's Mianyang Science and Technology City, a national defense facility, and he identified with the story. Recalling his days there, Tie says he sometimes met with Deng Jiaxian, who was often hailed as the \"Father of China's Nuclear Program\". \"But Deng's identity was top secret then, so I didn't know how important he was. He was very low-profile and easy-going,\" recalls Tie.,Speaking about the plot of the series, Tie says that as the original story had a tragic ending and unfolded a bit slowly, he sent the story to other writers to be revised. He finally approved the version rewritten by Wang Zhili, known for  which looks back on Beijing's hutong lifestyle. Meanwhile, the producers of The Glory and the Dream also acquired footage of missile launches from the 1960s and the 1970s, from a number of sources, including the China Central Newsreel and Documentary Film Studio, to lend a touch of authenticity to the series. Veteran actor Yang Shuo and actresses Su Qing and Lian Shumei play the lead roles in the series. The drama was shot in Sichuan province at several locations which were once factories manufacturing components and parts for rockets and missiles. \"We also created a lot of props - including several lifesize replicas of missiles - which were transported by 12 trucks to a warehouse covering an area of more than 1,000 square meters,\" says Tie. Separately, he says that most of the major characters are based on real-life people. For instance, the character of Minister Qiao is based on Qian Xuesen, a prominent aerodynamics and cybernetics expert who is regarded as the \"Father of China's Space Program\". When asked if there were concerns that this theme may not be popular with youngsters, who often prefer fantasy or historical dramas, Tie says he believes any work that reminds people of one of the most import chapters in Chinese history will never be \"outdated\".", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Beijing is the most attractive city for business in China, followed by Shanghai and Guangzhou, capital city of Guangdong province, a study by media outlet CBN Weekly showed. The ranking takes into account industrial clusters, transportation convenience, lifestyle diversity and future potential, according to the report What Makes a Good City released in June. The report ranks 338 prefecture-level cities in China based on data from 17 institutions and 160 companies. The top 10 most business \"friendly\" cities in the country are listed below. Score: 76.57,Score: 235.46,Score: 79.52,Score: 80.51,Score: 84.97,Score: 85.67,Score: 98.97,Score: 111.54,Score: 117.85,Score: 200.68", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "  The building of Qinghuayuan tunnel has begun Monday in Beijing as the Beijing-Zhangjiakou intercity high-speed railway construction enters its key phase, reported China News ServiceTuesday. The tunnel is located in Haidian district, extending underground from the Beijing North Railway Station for 6,020 meters before going aboveground to the north. Chen Shuang,chief engineer of Beijing-Zhangjiakou railway project, said the Qinghuayuan tunnel will go through three subway lines, seven crucial city roads and 88 municipal pipelines. \"The tunnel is a shield tunnel with high risk as it is located in the city core and passes through some of the most complex underground layers and most important buildings,\" said Chen.  \"Shield tunneling can minimize the destruction of current fundamental construction features such as roads, pipelines, pedestrian overpasses and bus stations, and also reduce noise pollution and the interference to people and residential communities,\" according to him. The Beijing-Zhangjiakou high-speed railway has a total length of 174 kilometers with 10 stops, which is the first ballast track with maximum speed of 350 km/h, able to pass through Alpine regions and sandstorm areas, according to the Beijing Railway Administration. The project is scheduled for completion by the end of 2019 and will shorten the trip between the two cities from the current three hours to just one hour. It is a vital transportation construction for the 2022 Winter Olympic Games co-hosted by Beijing and Zhangjiakou.", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "  Capital force, such as venture capital and private equity funds, has played an important role in the internet industry's development both in China and the United States, said Li Ya, CEO of mobile news aggregator Yidianzixun. \"China's public market definitely wants these innovative companies to be listed domestically rather than going overseas for IPOs.\"  Given this, China needs to accelerate the pace of opening up its domestic public trading market, which will further encourage innovations and help to introduce fair mechanisms for new companies to grow and compete in China, he told China Daily Website on Sunday in an interview on the sideline of the 4th World Internet Conference. The conference, which began on Sunday and ends on Tuesday, is underway in East China's water town of Wuzhen, Zhejiang province. In Li's view, internet is penetrating every dimension, every aspect of people's lives, and this phenomenon explained why Chinese government encourages the so-called the \"Internet Plus\" and internet of things. Meanwhile, China also decided to speed up AI development. In July, the State Council, or China's cabinet, articulated the country's AI development agenda, setting a goal of becoming the major artificial intelligence innovation center of the world by 2030. General Secretary Xi Jinping said in the report delivered at the opening of the 19th CPC National Congress that China will promote further integration of the internet, big data, and artificial intelligence with the real economy. As for AI development, Li said, \"in the next three to five years, people will be sure to feel the impact of the AI in their daily lives. I think one important thing is how we put human value in front of the machine algorithm, so that we can use the technology for good\". Established in 2012, Yidian positions itself as a media platform claiming to be based on a combination of machine recommendation and people's active expression of their interests.  The Beijing-based company has made further progress this year, including receiving the license for internet news information service, the first one issued since the related new regulations came into effect in June. The license will allow Yidian to gain competitive advantages over its peers, especially on content acquisition on its we-media platform Yidiaohao, the third quarter financial report of Phoenix New Media released in November showed. Li regarded the internet license as a unique opportunity for Yidian, as he quit ifeng.com in September and paid all his attention to Yidian.  \"We are in a very tough market and you have to concentrate in order to win the competition. And I think our users and our team, our coworkers and shareholders all demand the 100 percent concentration on Yidian.\" Other progress is upgraded cooperation with smart phone makers - OPPO and Xiaomi, while Yidian also collaborated with universities for we-media training and made columns of Zhihu, a Chinese Q&A website, accessible on its platform. At the same time, the financial report also indicated that Yidian has gained investment of $112.1 million from Long De Cheng Zhang Culture Communication (Tianjin) Co and the other two investors, with an estimated transaction valuation of about $1 billion.", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "Legal experts are calling for new legislation to enhance privacy protections as soon as possible to better deal with spam and unsolicited text messages as well as identity fraud. Although telecom and technology companies are prohibited from sending unsolicited advertisements to customers, \"there is no rule clarifying what punishments the enterprises will face if they break the rule,\" said Li Ya, a lawyer with Beijing Zhongwen Law Firm. \"There are no punishments and no deterrents,\" he said. Apple Inc recently said it is exploring ways to reduce spam, including using advanced technology to identify unsolicited messages and rolling out more tools to block unwanted downloads. It has been working to reduce spam for some time, according to the China News Service. Li welcomed the move, but he said the more crucial and urgent issue is to pay attention to privacy leaks, and solve it by legislation. \"We've made legal efforts on privacy protection in recent years, such as providing heavier punishments for those stealing others' information and highlighting protections in our civil laws, but this has not been totally effective,\" he said. \"The articles dealing with privacy protection are scattered throughout 14 laws and regulations instead of being concentrated within one,\" he said. \"Each of them is only loosely related, let alone powerful enough to combat problem. \"According to existing regulations, judicial authorities and technology companies as well as government authorities are doing their own job without communicating with each other. So it is unclear who should play the leading role and what responsibilities each party will take when a privacy leak occurs,\" he said. China has been carrying out periodic campaigns to address the problem. For example, Beijing police detained 138 people suspected of selling, illegally providing and obtaining citizens' personal information during a crackdown in May. \"I don't think occasional crackdowns are an effective way of eradicating the problem,\" said Yan Chuan, a colleague of Li who handles privacy infringement disputes. Yan added that privacy-related legislation should be put on the agenda as quickly as possible. \"Many companies can block or remove users' unwanted information on their platforms by advanced technology, but they don't do that because of the current weak rules,\" Yan added. Zhu Wei, an associate professor at China University of Political Science and Law, also supports new legislation. \"We need a unified law to figure out which party's interest should be more protected or which should take more responsibility if personal data is found to be stolen,\" he said. \"We also need a new law to be a 'bridge' between scattered articles, guiding law enforcement departments to do their work efficiently and accurately.\"", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "All countries should create the conditions for other civilizations to develop while keeping their own civilization vibrant, President Xi Jinping said on Wednesday in Beijing. \"We should allow all civilizations of the world to fully bloom,\" Xi said in the keynote speech at the opening ceremony of the Conference on Dialogue of Asian Civilizations. Xi also said all countries should uphold equality and respect and abandon pride and prejudice to promote dialogue and harmonious coexistence among civilizations. There will be no clash of civilizations as long as people are able to appreciate the beauty of them all, he said. Xi stressed the need to ensure openness, inclusiveness and mutual learning among civilizations. He said the conference aims to create a new platform for advancing equal dialogue and mutual learning and inspiration among civilizations in Asia and the rest of the world. The conference, being held from Wednesday through May 22, has drawn more than 1,300 leaders and representatives from countries and international organizations worldwide to Beijing to work toward consensus on the benefits of a global community with a shared future. Participants in the conference, which is seen as a new starting point for greater inter-civilizational dialogue, expressed hope for Asia and the international community to conduct more extensive and in-depth interaction. Singaporean President Halimah Yacob, one of the Asian leaders who spoke at the opening ceremony, said dialogue and empathy are essential to improving understanding and trust and bridging differences.,She said Singapore, with its emphasis on racial and religious harmony, presents a microcosm of a \"larger challenge facing the world in getting people with different religions, values and backgrounds to live together harmoniously\". The conference is a good example of conducting dialogue within Asian civilizations as well as reaching out to other civilizations in the world, she said. Author and public intellectual Parag Khanna, pointing to the major issues that were set to come out of the dialogue and their importance in the current international climate, told China Daily, \"The most significant geopolitical reality of the 21st century is that we live for the first time in human history in a world that is both multipolar and multicivilizational. \"Powers of the East and West are equally influential in the world. Thus we need a new kind of understanding of how civilizations will relate to each other premised on coexistence rather than dominance,\" said Khanna, author of The Future Is Asian: Commerce, Conflict, and Culture in the 21st Century. \"Among the main obstacles are historical mindsets that presume that one power must dominate the system for it to be stable, which is false,\" he said, adding that there are many \"unique civilizations, with none more special than the others\". German Sinologist Ole Doering said the message he took from President Xi's speech was that of \"openness, that everybody should contribute what they can and try to engage in mutual learning\". Uxi Mufti, founder of the National Heritage Museum in Pakistan, said Xi \"has come up with a wonderful idea. His idea will generate cooperation, in Asia at least. The paradigm of going forward has changed. We are into an age of interdependence.\" Laurence Brahm, a senior international fellow at the the Beijing think tank Center for China and Globalization, said, \"President Xi's speech set forth a fresh paradigm based on a set of universal values founded on the core heritage and culture of very ancient civilizations. \"The values of Asia are based on nonduality, harmony and synergy, while Western values are premised on the concept of duality often expressed in a zero-sum game,\" Brahm said. Other luminaries from the public and private sector also discussed related topics at various forums during the conference, while an Asian culture carnival, Asian civilization week and Asian food festival were being held in conjunction with the main event. At a forum on the global influence of Asian civilizations, Zheng Yongnian, director of the East Asian Institute at the National University of Singapore, said dialogue is the \"origin of civilization\". Chinese civilization \"also originated from dialogue\", and conflict in itself cannot produce civilization, said Zheng, whose research interests include China's transformation and its external relations. Cambodian Minister of Information Khieu Kanharith said understanding different civilizations means understanding each other to promote prosperity in a more collaborative way. \"I am very optimistic that today's meeting will form the basis of mutual understanding, thus creating a better world,\" he said.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "  The Beijing Municipal Committee of Transport said on its official Weibo account that two separate rules on technical requirements for shared bikes as well as their parking have been rolled out following the publication of a general guideline issued last week. Each new shared bike should be tested and proved qualified before being rolled out of factory. Shared bikes that have been put into use should be rechecked annually and unqualified bikes should be recalled, according to the new rules. Shared bikes need to be installed with GPS with an accuracy error of less than 15 meters and a smart lock, while information on a bike's location, in-use time and locking status needs to be streamed to the company's database. Each bike should have a clear, permanent steel seal, including a unique code number. All new shared bikes need to pass a quality test and will have a three-year lifecycle. Companies that provide shared bikes need to facilitate parking by providing a digital map to users depicting where parking is allowed or forbidden. They also need to maintain real-time monitoring on bike use and report the data to government platforms for supervision. With Beijing's 15 bike-sharing companies together operating 2.35 million bikes across the city, new additions have been banned.", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "The surviving remnants of columns and gates in Beijing's Yuanmingyuan-or Old Summer Palace-will be reinforced to prevent them from collapsing, park officials said on Wednesday. The ruins have been preserved for nearly 160 years as a symbol of the nation's collective pain after they were destroyed by foreign military forces in the mid-19th century. Foundations of the stone remnants in the ruins of Yuanying Guan (Immense Ocean Observatory) will be strengthened as part of the project, which will last until late September, according to the administrative office of Yuanmingyuan Ruins Park. Yuanying Guan, which covers 1,465 square meters is a key site in the Xiyang Lou (Western Mansions) area of Yuanmingyuan. Its construction lasted from 1759 to 1783 during the reign of Emperor Qianlong in the Qing Dynasty (1644-1911). Construction of Yuanmingyuan began in 1707 and continued for more than a century. Spectacularly beautiful at its peak, it is often referred to as \"the garden of gardens\", with its lush landscapes dotted with numerous temples, palaces and pavilions. Its 350-hectare area is about five times that of the Forbidden City in central Beijing. Besides functioning as an imperial resort, it was also a place where four Qing emperors (Qianlong, Jiaqing, Daoguang and Xianfeng) often handled affairs of state until 1860, when it was wrecked by invading Anglo-French expeditionary forces during the Second Opium War (1856-60). \"Yuanmingyuan is the zenith of Chinese gardens,\" said Liu Xiaodong, director of planning department of the administrative office. \"Xiyang Lou is a perfect combination of European architecture and Chinese skills-an example of cultural communication between the West and China.\" Over time, rain, freezing and looting (villagers often took materials from the ruins to build their own houses during the 20th century's social upheavals) have made the few standing columns unstable. \"The bricks in the foundation of Yuanying Guan have disappeared, exposing the earth,\" Liu said. \"Thick vegetation is another threat.\" Some foundations have collapsed. Liu said that if this situation continues, the stone columns themselves, no longer adequately supported, will be in danger. According to Qin Hai, an engineer at Tsinghua University's Architectural Design and Research Institute, the original foundation will be restored. \"Traditional skills will be used in renovation,\" he said. The bricks, for instance, are made of earth, sand, sticky rice, and lime. A new drainage system will be designed for the site to minimize the impact of rain, but the principle of minimum intervention will be followed for all cultural relics, he added. Liu, the planning director, said further laboratory analysis is needed to decide whether to take additional measures to repair the upright columns in the next phase of work. Yuanying Guan was a villa that belonged to one of Qianlong's favorite concubines. According to historical records, it featured 1,206 pieces of colored glass, which are depicted in Western paintings. As most wooden architecture in Yuanmingyuan was burned during the military vandalization in 1860, the surviving stone components of Yuanying Guan have become the most recognizable icons of Yuanmingyuan for Chinese people. For a long time, the style of the ruins gave the general public an incorrect impression that Yuanmingyuan was a European-style garden. However, large-scale archaeological excavations all over Yuanmingyuan in recent years have gradually unveiled a panoramic facade from underground. \"Everyone sees Yuanying Guan in their school textbooks,\" Liu said. \"It is also used as the logo of our park. Its cultural and historical significance is great, although it represents only a very small part of Yuanmingyuan. \"What we're doing is prevent potential hazards in the future. If the columns really collapsed, the loss would be irreversible.\" The area will not be closed during the renovation, he said.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Many visitors to Beijing enjoy staying in traditional hutong (alleyways). The neighborhoods, with narrow stairs, open courtyards and swooping eves hark to olden days at a time when the skyline increasingly sparkles with high rises. This has inspired some residents like globetrotting documentary director Gu Yue to put his house on the globally popular short-stay homerental platform, Airbnb. \"Encountering different people is the best part of traveling,\" the 39-year-old Beijing native says. \"I can communicate with them and learn about their cultures. Being an Airbnb host enables me to have such experiences.\" Gu moved to the United States at age 10 and returned 16 years later. He resigned from GE Capital at age 24 and spent two years backpacking through 18 countries. Four years later, he hitch-hiked from Beijing across 13 countries with 88 drivers to meet his girlfriend in Berlin. \"Although I'm often traveling, I'm proud of Beijing's history and culture,\" he says. \"I want to promote these among visitors.\" He recently renovated his rented courtyard home in the city's historical Gulou area, near the ancient Drum and Bell Towers. The floors and water are heated. The residence has a kitchen and three bedrooms, each with a bathroom. A skylight and French windows provide good lighting and views of his courtyard, in which a tree towers and grape vines slither up a trellis. The interior is decorated with travel books and items from around the world, ranging from small African ornaments to a skirt from an ethnic group in Pakistan. He rents out one bedroom when he's gone. His expat roommates and friends help guests, and he chats with visitors online if they like. Gu joined Global Host Q&A, in which Airbnb CEO Brian Chesky answered questions from hosts, earlier this month. He's the first Chinese Airbnb host to attend the event, he says.,\"I've got a lot to worry about as a new Airbnb host. But I'm willing to learn,\" he says. \"For example, can they find the place? Are they enjoying their stay?\" He's happy to share local travel tips with visitors. \"First-time visitors' agendas are topped by scenic spots and historical sites. I recommend they stroll along the hutong to encounter locals,\" he says. \"Observation is the secret to making your trip less formulaic. A hutong provides a different lifestyle than a downtown hotel.\" Gu knows the best eateries, ranging from locals' favorites to Western restaurants, hidden in zigzagging hutong. He has stayed in many Airbnb homes during his travels. \"So, I also do my best to ensure guests enjoy what I offer,\" he says. He recently stayed in an elegant century-old palace owned by an eminent family in Fez, Morocco. It was tastefully decorated with colored glass, crystal and handmade mosaic tiles. Airbnb guests' fees are used for its upkeep. \"You can have a spectacular experience there. And it's not expensive,\" he says. \"It's challenging for the family's descendants to maintain such a spacious palace.\" He recalls his early years as a traveler. \"It's hard at first. You don't know what will happen. You might get sick or robbed.\" But his memories of those journeys are mostly fond. \"I collect travel experiences like some people collect shoes,\" he says. \"Travel shows me the possibilities within myself, such as my connection with the world. The books you've read, the people you've known and the places you've been gradually shape your way of thinking.\"", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": " China and Djibouti signed three cooperation documents covering such areas as the economy and technology, finance and agriculture on Thursday during Djiboutian President Ismail Omar Guelleh's state visit. According to one document, China will provide beneficial loans to Djibouti. The cooperation documents were signed at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing and witnessed by President Xi Jinping and Guelleh. The two presidents agreed to establish a China-Djibouti strategic partnership and deepen cooperation in all areas. Before their talks, Xi hosted a grand ceremony in the capital to welcome the African leader. Since the establishment of diplomatic relations 38 years ago, China and Djibouti have boosted mutual understanding and respect, supported each other's core interests and major concerns and set an example for China-Africa friendship, Xi said. China would push forward practical cooperation with Djibouti in such areas as railways, seaports, construction of a liquefied natural gas pipeline, free trade zone and agriculture, Xi said. He said Beijing would continue to help Djibouti improve local medical facilities, broaden human resources cooperation and boost people-to-people exchanges. Noting that China attaches great importance to deepening relations with Djibouti, Xi called on joint efforts to push forward collaborating on the Belt and Road Initiative, enhance cooperation in all areas and benefit the people of both sides. Xi expressed gratitude for Guelleh's congratulatory message on the success of last month's 19th CPC National Congress and his re-election as general secretary of the CPC Central Committee. The congress has made blueprints for China's long-term development, Xi said, adding that China will continue to be a sincere friend and reliable partner for developing countries. Since Guelleh became Djibouti's president in 1999, he has led the people to explore a development path fitting for the country's situation, maintained a stable political situation and achieved sustainable economic and social development, Xi said. Guelleh once again offered congratulations on the success of the congress and on Xi's re-election as general secretary. Djibouti would like to proactively participate in the Belt and Road Initiative and enhance cooperation with China by constructing infrastructure and improving the people's livelihoods, Guelleh said. Guelleh appreciated China's efforts in joining the United Nations peacekeeping operations and fighting pirates. He expressed gratitude for China's key role in safeguarding global peace and prosperity. Chen Xiaodong, assistant foreign minister, told reporters that the two presidents exchanged viewpoints on the PLA's Djibouti Logistics Support Base, which was officially established in July. Building the Djibouti base will not only help China better fulfill its international duties, including peacekeeping and rescue, but also bring security for the development of Djibouti, Chen said. The Djibouti Logistic Support Base could benefit multiple parties, he said, adding that it will contribute to the security of the Horn of Africa. The base is conducive to overseas tasks, including military cooperation, joint exercises, evacuating and protecting overseas Chinese and emergency rescue, as well as jointly maintaining security of international strategic seaways. On Nov 3, while inspecting the Central Military Commission's joint battle command center as its commander in chief, Xi had video chats with troops at frontier posts and the support base in Djibouti.  ", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "      From unmanned capsule gyms to unmanned convenient stores, various kinds of high-tech unmanned facilities are popping up across China. In Xuzhou, East China's Jiangsu province, a 24-hour self-service convenience store named BingoBox has attracted many customers.  People can use their WeChat, a popular social media platform, to scan a QR code on the door to get access to the store and then do shopping.  After picking up goods they would like to buy, they just need to put them on the goods recognition area near the cashier.  The goods recognition machine can recognize the goods and display the names and quantity of goods and a payment QR code on the screen, which customers can scan to make the payment. If someone tries to take goods out of the store without paying for them, the door will close and the sound system will remind the customer.,In Shanghai, many unmanned capsule gyms, called Park Box, have sprung up in some living quarters since this March. Having three sizes of 8 square meters, 18 sq m and 28 sq m, the capsule gym equipped with treadmills, dumbbells and intelligent training systems is open 24 hours. People can book the gym on their mobile phones and pay 10 yuan ($1.6) per hour.,In Beijing, an unmanned cafe has been put into operation at the campus of the University of International Business and Economics since September.  The cafe, covering 12 sq m, has two self-service coffee vending machines and a bar counter.  Customers can order dozens of drinks including fresh coffee, milk tea and hot chocolate on the machine and check through mobile payment tools. ", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "In his latest album, Wang Tao pays homage to the versatility of the woodwind instrument by using it to perform a diverse selection of classical masterpieces by composers from all over the world, Chen Nan reports. Clarinetist Wang Tao is eager to display the versatility of his musical instrument, which has long played an important role in symphony orchestras and jazz groups. In his latest album Spin, Wang plays pieces by composers from different cultures, such as Argentine composer Astor Piazzolla's Histoire du Tango, which was originally written for the flute and guitar, Polish composer Witold Lutoslawski's 5 Dance Preludes for the clarinet and piano, and Austrian composer Fritz Kreisler's 3 Old Viennese Dances for the piano and violin. \"All the pieces in the album contain different colors, showcasing the distinctive characteristics of where they came from,\" Wang says in Beijing. \"For those who know the clarinet, the album enables them to see a different side of the musical instrument. For those who are new to the clarinet, they will know the musical instrument beyond the range of classical music.\" Besides colors from different cultures, Wang also ventures into the theme of dance with this album as he seeks to expand the expressive dimension of his musical instrument by merging it with another art form. \"I've performed at venues such as outdoor spaces and galleries rather than traditional concert halls. I've also played with artists, such as ballet dancers and contemporary dancers. All those experiences expanded my vision for the clarinet. I hope the audience could have visions of dynamic dancing while listening to this album,\" he says. His album has already won praise from overseas experts. \"In the hands and breath of Tao, the clarinet becomes an amazing contrast of technical mastery coupled with soulful singing lines. Imagination and surprise in every phrase,\" wrote US clarinetist Richard Leslie Stoltzman on the album's brochure. Wang paired with Japanese pianist Akimi Fukuhara and recorded the new album at the Karuizawa Ohga Hall in Japan. \"The concert hall is surrounded by forests and bathed in ample sunshine. It was a luxurious natural environment to record an album for me,\" recalls Wang, who spent at least eight hours a day for three days recording at the venue. Tokyo-based pianist Fukuhara recalls the experince saying: \"The recording schedule was tight and physical demanding for both of us. We forgot about our daily lives and totally put ourselves in the zone for three days. At the end of the day, it was rewarding.\" Born in Osaka, Japan, Fukuhara made her solo debut when she was 13 at the World Youth Symphony Orchestra at the Interlochen Summer Arts Camp in Michigan.,\"It was the first collaboration between me and Wang Tao. He gave me lots of freedom while we did the recording,\" the pianist adds. Wang, who was born in Chengdu, Sichuan province, studied the cello and erhu (a two-stringed bowed instrument) in childhood before picking up the clarinet when he was 9 years old. At 11, he was admitted to the middle school affiliated with the Sichuan Conservatory of Music. He was the first musician in China to receive a master's degree in the clarinet from the Central Conservatory of Music in Beijing, a top music school in the country. He has been teaching at the school since 2002. Wang has released 12 albums which are now used as teaching materials at the conservatory. He also won the Best Instrumental Album award at the Golden Melody Awards in Taiwan. In 2014, he signed a contract with Universal Music China and released the album Night & Day which merges the clarinet with pop, rock and jazz. In 2017, he released the classical album Schubert in which he selected some of Austrian composer Franz Schubert's most beautiful melodies and arranged them for the clarinet, including Auf dem Wasser zu singen (To Sing On the Water), D. 774, Ave Maria (Ellen's Gesang) D. 839, and An die Musik (To Music), D. 547. \"I can still recall that after the last day of the recording of the Schubert album, I sat on the street outside the Salle de Musique of La Chaux-de-Fonds (the famous concert hall in Switzerland where Wang recorded the album), thinking of all the things I didn't like about myself while recording the album,\" Wang says. The process of creating his latest album was a similarly exhausting experience that involved much self-doubt. Half a year before the recording, Wang practiced eight hours a day at home because all the pieces were new to him and employed new techniques such as circular breathing. As a father of a 3-year-old son, he felt guilty about isolating himself from his family since he had to invest much time into the preparation of the new album. \"I feel grateful to my wife because she has been supportive and never complains,\" says Wang, who married the former Olympic gymnastics champion Liu Xuan in 2013. \"The name of the album, Spin, is called Xuan in Chinese, because I want to dedicate it to my wife.\" To promote his new album, Wang is touring around Chinese cities, including Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou and Shenzhen, with pianist Fukuhara.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "The average monthly salary of white-collar workers in 37 major Chinese cities reached 7,789 yuan ($1,200) in the fourth quarter of 2017, with Beijing topping the list again with 10,310 yuan, according to a report released by Zhilian Recruitment, one of China's biggest recruitment websites. Shanghai and Shenzhen took second and third place. Guangzhou, which used to rank fourth, lagged behind Hangzhou, Ningbo and Dongguan. Foreign-funded companies offer the highest monthly salaries with an average of 8,323 yuan, followed by joint ventures (8,247 yuan), public companies (8,196 yuan) and state-owned companies (8,182 yuan). The fourth quarter also witnessed a small increase in the workplace competitiveness index, according to the recruitment website. On average, 31 candidates compete for one position. The index in Beijing is the highest at 86.6, followed by Shenyang at 40.9.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "College students born between 1995 and 2000 are becoming a vital new part of the dynamic travel market in China, with most of the young students making their first summer trips after enrolling in colleges, a new study said. Though the motivation for making tours is relatively high among college students, their choices are limited due to economic constraints with price being the major criteria for booking flight tickets, said the study conducted by Qunar, an online travel firm owned by Ctrip, China's largest online travel agency. During summer vacations, students tend to choose flights that depart between midnight and 2 am, as well as between 5 am and 9 am. The number of bookings of red-eye and budget flights is nearly three times higher than other regular flights, the Qunar study said. Companies are also introducing low-price options to attract the young consumer group. In late May, Qunar teamed up with 33 domestic and foreign carriers, including Air China, China Eastern Airlines, China Southern Airlines, Hainan Airlines, United Airlines and All Nippon Airways, to launch discounted prices for students on more than 3,000 routes, along with the concept of student flight tickets. Students who have registered successfully with their identification documents on the platform will be able to book cheaper tickets. For instance, a one-way flight ticket from Guangzhou to Beijing can be as cheap as 460 yuan ($66.7), which is about half of the price tag - 862 yuan - for a second-class seat on a high-speed train. Qunar said such low-price flight tickets compared with high-speed trains may change the travel habits of college students and create user stickiness. \"Low travel costs may stimulate college students to travel more frequently, and enable them to have higher budgets for spending on accommodation and destination entertainments,\" said Sun Peiming, director of e-commerce at Sichuan Airlines. Last year, along with graduate students, there were 37 million enrolled college students in the country, according to the National Bureau of Statistics. In 2018, students registered on Qunar flew 4.4 times annually on average, higher than the average of 3.45 times nationwide, according to the company. \"Low prices have a decisive impact on their choices. Companies that provide cheaper options will attract more students and gain the initiative in seizing those future backbone consumers,\" said Liu Simin, a researcher at the Beijing Foreign Studies University. Candice Chen, a graduate studying in Beijing, traveled with a few of her friends to Japan in January. Despite living in Beijing, she bought return flight tickets that departed from the nearby city Tianjin to Japan, and the return tickets cost less than 1,500 yuan in total. \"It's a great deal as I can save more money for shopping in Japan. It's convenient to take a high-speed train from Beijing to Tianjin, which only took half an hour, and then I caught a taxi to go to Tianjin airport,\" she said. Last year, the per capita spending of college students on flights edged up 2.6 percent year-on-year, the study said without disclosing specific numbers, and indicated their high sensitivity on flight ticket prices. Despite that they try to save more money in buying flight tickets, college students prefer to stay at better hotels. Last year, the per capita spending of college students on hotels reached 234 yuan per night, jumping 17.5 percent over the previous year, and the growth rate was higher than the older generation. Besides, the report found that students are likely to spend twice the amount of money on hotels two years after graduation. Qunar has cooperated with more than 6,000 hotels, hostels and bed-and-breakfast services and launched discounted hotel prices for students.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Theatergoers with tickets to the current offering at the Beijing Exhibition Theater are in for a treat as a famed Chinese artistic troupe is back in town, opening its iconic show   with a new repertoire on Thursday. The music-and-dance variety show, produced by the China Disabled People's Performing Art Troupe, has just returned from a successful international tour that includes stops in New York, Ottawa, Montreal and Macau, with packed houses and resounding applause. At the Lincoln Center, UN General Assembly President Mar\u00a8\u00aaa Fernanda Espinosa called the troupe's artists \"cultural ambassadors for goodwill among peoples\". In the decades since its inception in 2000, the show has never stopped reinventing itself in pursuit of greater professional excellence. New pieces are constantly added, as are new recruits, yet what remains unchanged over the years is the show's inspirational energy. The formula is unvarying as it's awe-inspiring: a juxtaposition of the artists' bewitchingly effortless brilliance and the insurmountable hurdles they must overcome to achieve that effect, as none in the audience is unaware of the fact that all the performers glittering on stage have impaired vision or hearing; some are even mentally or physically challenged. A group ballet dance coupled with a sign-language speech by the troupe's president, Tai Lihua, launched Thursday's revival of  . \"With such love and care, even a damaged tree provides green shady shelter, and even a broken flower gives off its fragrance,\" she said. There couldn't be a better summery of the show's essence, as it's indeed about love.,What followed immediately was   by Yang Haitao and his brother Yang Haijun, a soothing serenade that catapulted Haitao to national prominence when he performed it at the Bird\u00a1\u00afs Nest stadium for the 2008 Beijing Paralympics. The brothers barely moved once led on stage, their eyes unable to see the applauding multitude before them. Heads tilted upward expectantly, they started the tune: The voices were dulcet and becalming, their rendition of the song's longing evocative but never sentimental. It had an instant resonance that may be hard to explain, but is natural to blind artists bestowed with such beauty and dignity. The Yang brothers' performance was both humbling and inspiring to their audience as there was no mistaking its artistic value. That effect - dignity in restraint, yet therefore all the more dazzling - was just as true for the other performances.,There were group dances; some highly synchronized, like  others with complex sequences that required fluid transitions and interactions, like  . The visual impressions, however, were the same: if not for the conductors gesturing on the stage wings, you wouldn't know the prancing artists are deaf and must rely on sign language to cue their internalized rhythm and pace. The requisite discipline behind such theatrical splendor was never spoken aloud but was heard in the mind of every audience member.,More tunes were offered, including the nostalgic  a paean to hometown and mother, the all-time classic hymn Amazing Grace, and the ebullient sing-along, We Are the World. Blind pianist Jin Yuanhui played a solo, the C minor   by Chopin. Music Along the Silk Road, as the name implies, is a fest for folk musical instruments. There was also an excerpt from a dance drama,  a tragic tale of young love often conveniently - if a bit too summarily - referred to as China's .,Of course, by now it would be unthinkable if any revival of My Dream didn't include the troupe's signature sensation, the show-stopping  arguably the repertoire's most challenging piece. To recreate the Buddhist deity in its amorphous magnificence - extending her (there have been inconclusive debates if it should be his instead) helping hands to the suffering mass - twenty-one dancers had to queue up in a bee line, with only the foremost visible to the audience while all others coordinated their hand gestures in the back. Collective precision, not only synchronized but in sequence as well, was the key here, and don't forget that all the 21 artists are deaf, unable to hear musical cues and reliant on the sign conductors in the wings. It was an ornate, golden, and mesmerizing performance, by far the biggest visual reward in the show. Thursday's revival, on the occasion of the troupe's 30th anniversary and two score years of China's reform and opening up policy, was also a charity performance organized by the China Disabled Persons' Federation. The Beijing Exhibition Theater, with over 2700 seats, was packed with invited attendees, including disabled people and handicapped workers in Beijing, representatives from various UN agencies and other international interest groups in China, foreign diplomats and college and high school students. The aisles were packed with a traffic jam of wheelchairs. The show's perennial popularity \u00a8C it's been staged more than two thousand times in over a hundred countries - is a testament to its transcending artistic appeal, as it speaks in the universal and timeless language of beauty and resilience, of dignity and hope.,But if   was the show's undisputed visual climax, it's perhaps In   that proved the afternoon's most stirring moment. The solo dance by Zhang Tianjiao, about an aspirant ballet dancer's perseverance and triumph, is one of the recent additions to the troupe's repertoire. Zhang took the stage in a black tutu, where she strutted and pranced, with such tender vibrancy that her slender shape, glorified in an expressive self-designed choreography, presented the revival's most potent symbol of human beauty and vitality. Such was her unabashed confidence that in the few seconds of a three-spin pirouette she seemed to completely cast off life's imperfections. A fleeting illusion indeed, but an unforgettable triumph shared with her audience. By the end of the two-hour show, the thunderous applause was perhaps the best reward to the troupe's artists, even though not all of them could hear the cries of \"Bravo!\", nor see the audience's beaming smiles. But as the afternoon's opening song said:", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Upcoming Chinese Valentine's Day, which falls this Friday, will turn out to be a money-spinner for the hospitality and tourism sector in the country, as The Paper reported on Friday, citing data from two major online travel agencies, which also showed that those born after 1995 were driving the festival consumption. According to Ctrip, hotel bookings over the period linked with the traditional romantic festival, or Qixi Festival, increased 200 percent compared with a year earlier, while nearly half of the reservations came from those in their early 20s, who preferred hotels rated high on social media. Couples in first-tier cities, such as Beijing and Shanghai, showed a stronger desire to celebrate the festival, and Hangzhou, Chengdu, Nanjing, Suzhou, Tianjin and Wuhan were among the top 10. Noticeably, 60 percent of hotel bookings were made by women. In the traveling front, the post-1995 generation also posted an upward streak in consumption this year, though those born in 1980s accounted for 41 percent of the total and those in their late 20s took up 29 percent, Tuniu's data revealed. The online travel services provider predicted that the week before the festival may see a bigger lift in the consumption by the post-1995, given the group's random spending habit. Major traveling consumers were from first- and second-tier cities, including Nanjing, Beijing, Shanghai, Tianjin, Wuhan, Guangzhou, Xi'an, Chengdu, Shenyang and Hangzhou, whereas orders from third and fourth cities with higher income, Yangzhou and Zhenjiang, Jiangsu province, for instance, posted a significant growth as well. In addition to popular outbound destination such as London, Prague, Kyoto, Paris and Madrid, islands with free-visa or landing-visa policy for Chinese tourists were welcome by young couples, such as Maldives, Phuket, Fiji and Bali, said Tuniu.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "China Wedding Expo, the world's largest wedding exposition in terms of scale and revenue, is expanding its online presence. In March, when the expo held its first show in Tianjin, the event launched a subsidy of up to 10,000 yuan ($1,584) for buyers at the show who become app-registered members. Members can get a subsidy of up to 3-10 percent off their entire bill if they can't come to the show and only appear on the app site. The online subsidy will soon be available at later sessions of the expo in Wuhan, Shanghai, Guangzhou, Beijing and Hangzhou, beginning the third week in March, said Xiao Changhong, deputy secretary-general of the expo's organizing committee. The annual revenue of the overall expo - which has exhibitions in Beijing, Shanghai, Tianjin, Hangzhou, Guangzhou and Wuhan - totals 10 billion yuan. The online service is expected to account for 5 percent of the expo's revenue this year and to double next year, Xiao said. In one way, this might seem like a bad time to get involved in the wedding business, as China is witnessing a downward trend in the number of marriages. Statistics from the Ministry of Civil Affairs indicated that 10.59 million couples were married in 2017, down 9.44 percent year-on-year. Of those who do seek marriage, however, the pursuit of a high-quality wedding is on an upward trajectory. Chinese spending on weddings differs from region to region, but overall, spending on weddings and associated travel is seeing sustained growth. In Beijing, for example, a new couple's spending, excluding apartment and car, averages from 230,000 yuan to 250,000 yuan, according to data from the expo. In Tianjin, the price drops to 155,000 yuan to 170,000 yuan, but in Shanghai, the figure rises to 270,000-280,000 yuan, research indicates. At wedding expos in Paris and Toronto, Xiao said, much of the promotional activity centers around travel, but in China, the wedding dress, banquet and other products - including cars - has traditionally accounted for the bulk of spending. The expo now looks to make a foray into the overseas travel wedding sector as demand for wedding-related tourism is rising fast in cities including Beijing and Shanghai.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "BEIJING - Though repeating a lie creates the illusion of truth, yet myths, unlike the plain truth which is sustained by fact, can't stand the test of time. Washington has been adept at blaming other countries for its domestic woes and its recent trade offensive against China, to some extent, also falls into this category. The Trump administration claims that since China joined the World Trade Organization (WTO) in 2001, the United States has lost more than 60,000 factories. However, a quick fact-check will show that the reality is something else. Statistics indicate that the decline in US manufacturing jobs is more of a domestic issue than due to trade with low-wage economies like China. According to US economist Philip Levy, irrespective of China's entry into the WTO, the share of manufacturing employment in total US nonfarm payrolls - the primary indicator used to assess US job creations - fell about 30 percent every 16 years. The China factor, instead of generating the decline, actually represents slowing of an existing trend. What's more, in a study on the impact of expanding Chinese imports on jobs, Yale University professor Lorenzo Caliendo said access to low-cost intermediate inputs from China has increased employment in non-manufacturing sectors, including retail, construction and services, to offset the job losses in manufacturing, resulting in a rise in welfare. A number of sobering facts explains what truly causes job losses. First, it is not Chinese workers that take away jobs from US workers. US firms are choosing to invest and set up factories in China, where the workforce is skilled and cheaper. Actually, US investors' foreign investments have risen dramatically since the 1990s, shifting low-value-added, labor-intensive industries to developing countries for low-cost assembly. Second, US factories don't need as many workers as they used to because robots are increasingly doing the work and the industry is becoming more productive and closer to markets. In fact, while trade accounted for about 12 percent of the lost US factory jobs, 88 percent of the jobs were taken over by robots and other factors at home. Moreover, there is no downturn in US manufacturing output. Rather, investment in automation and software has doubled the output per US manufacturing worker over the past two decades. Last but not the least, the two largest economies in the world are interdependent and more than bilateral trade partners. According to the US Department of Commerce, US exports of goods and services to China supported an estimated 910,000 jobs in 2015 - 601,000 were supported by goods exports and 309,000 by service exports. For years, the United States has enjoyed service trade surplus with China. The surplus recorded $38 billion in 2016, 11.6 percent more than in 2015 and up 908 percent from 2001. More importantly, when looking at the overall US trade deficit, the proportion of US trade deficit with China is on the decrease year by year. The United States' claim that its trade deficit with China is widening is based on questionable algorithms. No one can deny that the majority of the profits goes into the US pocket. It's primitive for the US government to tackle trade disputes by wielding the trade protectionism stick. The drop in US manufacturing employment should not be the only indicator to gauge the balance of benefits from the economic relationship with China, nor should it overshadow the sizable benefits of the trade to the American economy and the potential of fresh trade gains. Any trade war will affect millions of workers in hundreds of real and varied places, and ultimately produce unexpected ramifications for local communities in the United States. Targeting China will only divert energy from the real challenge and put the future of the US economy at risk.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Local officials will be held accountable for any failure in achieving their air pollution targets as the country resolutely moves forward in the blue sky protection campaign, a national political adviser and senior environmental official told reporters on Tuesday, adding that the government was taking the war against air pollution seriously. With a series of measures taken in 2018, China made great achievement in improving its air quality last year. The average density of PM 2.5 in the country fell by 10.4 percent year\u00a8Con-year. The concentration of the pollutant in Beijing reached 51 micrograms per cubic meter, Liu Bingjiang, head of air pollution control at the Ministry of Ecology and Environment, told a news conference. To achieve that, China has greatly increased the use of clean energies while enhancing the efficiency of coal burning in power generation. Coal covered 59 percent of sources of primary energy consumption in 2018. It\u00a1\u00afs the first time that the country saw the coverage decrease to less than 60 percent, said Liu. A total of 23,000 coal-fueled small boilers were phased out across the country in 2018. In northern China, over 4.8 million rural households had shifted from coal to clean energies to warm up their homes, he added. Liu said he is confident that China could achieve the target it sets for 2020, which asks for an 18 percent decrease in PM 2.5 density in major cities that have yet to keep the level below 35 mg/cu m. Almost no cities around the world has once managed to reduce PM 2.5 concentration by over 10 mg/ cu m in just one year, but Beijing successfully brought the density down from 73 mg/cu m in 2016 to 58 mg/ cu b in 2017. \"This is a miracle that we have never sees in history,\" he said, adding this shows that the steps the government has taken are efficient and will also contribute to future air pollution control work. He said what also makes him confident is that more than 2,000 leading Chinese experts have been devoting themselves into site investigation over the causes of air pollution in 39 major Chinese cities in Beijing-Hebei-Tianjin cluster. They are drafting tailor-made solutions for each of the cities to facilitate their effort in improving local air quality. Liu said the country saw the PM 2.5 density in some regions increase again in January and February, and some key regions witnessed a deteriorating situation. This occurred partly due to El Nino, which resulted in transportation of water vapor to northern China with help of weak wind, making meteorological conditions favorable for smog generation. Some local governments are now relaxing their effort in pollution control, saying that there should be rest even in a war. \"We have explicitly said we are going to win the blue sky protection campaign. We have no plan to retreat,\" Liu said. \"There is no jesting in the war. We should keep our promise with action and there must be progress. Those who fail will be fully held accountable,\" he said.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Sun Xiaoming, 35, had never left ground until being loaded into a medical helicopter on March 26. The air ambulance transported Sun, who had been in a coma for five days, to the China-Japan Friendship Hospital in Beijing, and the noise of the chopper was so loud that patients and their relatives came out to watch it land. If Sun had been transported to Beijing from his home in Raoyang county of Hengshui, Hebei province, via an ambulance instead of a helicopter, it would have taken at least three hours to cover the distance of more than 250 kilometers. However, with the medical helicopter, the trip took only around 40 minutes. Last winter, Sun started to have difficulty breathing but didn't think twice about it. However, his symptoms worsened and, in the week before flying to Beijing for treatment, he was treated at a local hospital. But Sun had a high fever and fell into a coma. \"I am usually busy at work and often stay up late. And I also like drinking and smoking,\" Sun said. \"Maybe the unhealthy eating and living habits made me fatter and fatter.\",At China-Japan Friendship Hospital, Sun underwent two major operations, including extracorporeal membrane oxygenation and heart valve replacement. He spent more than 80 days at the hospital and lost about 60 kilograms - down from 230. \"Since we had to perform his surgery while preventing him from severe infection and high fever, the time saved by the helicopter-based medical evacuation mattered a lot,\" said Liu Peng, the hospital's vice-president. With the upcoming 2022 Beijing Winter Olympics, air rescue has emerged as part of the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei coordinated development plan. Though the service in China is in early stages of development, it has had rapid development. On June 15, Sun recovered and was discharged from the hospital. He was the first patient in Hengshui to use the helicopter ambulance service. \"Thanks to everyone, including my wife and doctors. It's you who gave me a second chance,\" he said.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "BEIJING \u00a1\u00aa This is the fourth year express delivery employee Zhao Yunhong has spent the Spring Festival holiday working in Beijing. Though Zhao's home is only three hours drive from Beijing, in Chengde City of neighboring Hebei Province, he feels that he is more needed at his job at the logistic arm of JD.com, a Chinese e-commerce giant. His wife and two children are joining him to celebrate the Spring Festival, or Chinese Lunar New Year, in his rented apartment in the capital. Express delivery services are essential for the generation of young Chinese who grew up embracing online shopping. They click, order and have their purchases delivered to their doorstep. Having worked here for several years, he has a personal bond with his customers in the Senlindadi neighborhood in northern Beijing. \"Some of my clients, I got to know them when I brought wedding supplies to their apartments. Now I bring diapers to their new born babies,\" he said. \"I miss my hometown, the feeling of the Lunar New Year there, but working hard and the feeling of being needed is also important for me.\" As Chinese people embrace online shopping, the industry has boomed. Chinese express delivery firms handled a record number of 50.71 billion parcels in 2018, up 26.6 percent from the same period of the previous year. Business revenue expanded by 21.8 percent to reach 603.84 billion yuan (about 88.7 billion U.S. dollars). China has roughly over 3 million express delivery staff. Though most deliveries are suspended during the seven-day public holiday for the Lunar New Year, some employees remain on duty. JD.com logistics say about half of the employees at a number of key stations in Beijing are on duty during the holiday. The company pays them extra bonuses. Courier boys are paid by the amount of deliveries they make. Some can earn as much as 300 yuan (44 dollars) a day, and the company pays them double the daily salary for working during the holiday. Zhou Xiaolei, a 28-year-old from Yunnan Province in southwest China, works for SF Express, another private express operator. This is his fourth year working in the job. He also made a decision to stay in Beijing for the holiday time. He is saving up for an apartment in his hometown and the handsome bonuses are hard to refuse. \"I will work for another few years, and I want to settle down at my hometown and build a home with my wife,\" he said. About 20 people work at a delivery station near Tsinghua University in Beijing. They serve about 80,000 people, most of whom are students. During the holiday season, their clients are residents who shop for groceries and gifts. The delivery staff bring convenience and a gift of time to the clients, particularly busy families and the elderly. They are considered an asset of a city. Liu Chang, a retiree who lives alone in southern Beijing, is glad to find out that she can order groceries even on the first day of the Lunar New Year, when some supermarkets are closed. She suffers from chronic pain in her leg, so grocery shopping is a challenge. \"Honestly, I cannot imagine my life without the delivery service,\" she said.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Leading composers say China's music scene has improved with the reform and opening-up, Chen Nan reports. In 1978, China launched economic reforms that subsequently touched different aspects of citizens' lives, including music. A year earlier, the national college entrance exam resumed\u00a3\u00adafter the \"cultural revolution\" (1966-76) had ended\u00a3\u00adand the Beijing-based Central Conservatory of Music, which also reopened then, set up four student-enrollment offices in Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou and Chengdu, attracting over 170,000 applicants. But only 105 students could be admitted to the school in 1977. The six teachers of the conservatory then, including Li Chunguang and Yang Jun, wrote a letter to the late Chinese leader Deng Xiaoping, asking for permission to increase the intake of students. Two days later, Deng replied, saying he had agreed to their request. The number was raised to 213. \"The teachers wrote the letter because they saw many talented youngsters at the audition and hoped that the young people would get the opportunity to study in the school,\" said music conductor and president of the Central Conservatory of Music, Yu Feng, during a forum at the school on Dec 10, marking the 40th anniversary of the reform and opening-up. \"It helped define an era of China's music scene.\" Two concerts were held at the National Center for the Performing Arts on Dec 10 and 11, with performances by the Central Conservatory of Music Symphony Orchestra under the baton of Chen Lin, a student of Yu. They showcased China's achievements in classical music over the past 40 years. The repertories featured pieces by graduates of the conservatory, who are world-renowned musicians today, including Extase for oboe and orchestra by Chen Qigang, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon by Tan Dun and Horizon, Op 20, for soprano, baritone and orchestra by Ye Xiaogang.,The renowned Chinese composers, Ye, Tan and Chen, who enrolled at the conservatory to study music composition in 1978, gave speeches at the forum, recalling their school days and sharing their understanding of the changes in the country's music scene both as witnesses and creators. \"Western classical music started taking root in China less than 100 years ago and has achieved a lot, especially since the reform and opening-up started,\" says Ye, 63, who was born in a musicians' family in Shanghai and started learning the piano at age 4. Now, he is the chairman of the Chinese Musicians' Association and a professor at the Central Conservatory of Music. He initiated the Beijing Modern Music Festival 16 years ago. Ye came to Beijing when he was 23 years old and began his studies at the conservatory. He worked in a factory in Shanghai for six years before that. \"We benefitted from the reform and opening-up, and the resumption of the national college entrance exam. Now, Chinese musicians perform internationally. Looking back, the year 1978 laid the base for China's rise on the global stage,\" says Ye, adding that the originality and creativity of Chinese composers has been among the important changes in the classical music scene in China in the past four decades. \"The merger of Western classical music and Chinese culture has made the works of Chinese composers unique,\" Ye adds.,New York-based composer Tan, 61, who was born in Hunan province and joined a local Peking Opera troupe before he went to study at the Central Conservatory of Music in Beijing, says his favorite place as a student at the conservatory 40 years ago was the library there. \"I read books and scores in the library after classes. So did my classmates. We wanted to learn, to practice and to test our musical ideas. Now, I want to know what the young students read.\" Tan's works cover various genres, including orchestra, opera and film scores. One of his most famous works is composing the Oscar-winning soundtrack of Ang Lee's 2000 film Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon. Tan recalls that his years at the school introduced him to a wide range of international classical and contemporary music, which laid the foundation for his future experiments that transcended style and cultural boundaries in composition. \"Now my elder son is interested in movies while my younger son, who is 12 years old, loves music. He reminds me of my younger days and I am grateful for the life-changing experience 40 years ago,\" Tan says.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Air routes and an advanced international railway network have transformed Chengdu - in landlocked Sichuan province - in major ways since China's reform and opening-up policies were introduced in the late 1970s. Now the city can align growth closely with the outside world thanks to the extensive transportation network. Every student of Chinese literature knows the famous line from Li Bai, a great poet in the Tang Dynasty (618-907): \"Traveling in Sichuan is as difficult as mounting to the sky.\" That line would remind many Chinese people of Sichuan's deplorable inaccessibility in 1978. \"Forty years ago, Sichuan didn't have a single international air route. There was only a daily flight from Chengdu to Beijing. It took a day and two nights to get there on the fastest train at that time,\" said Shen Zaiwang, a senior official with Sichuan People's Association for Friendship with Foreign Countries. With the opening of the Xi'an-Chengdu Bullet Train a year ago, the trip takes only 10 hours. Known for its silk products in ancient times, Chengdu was a major source of cargo on the Silk Road, starting from Xi'an, Shaanxi province, some 700 kilometers away. Now, Chengdu not only has bullet trains linking to parts of China but also boasts trains linking to Europe. Last month, a freight train originating in Bremerhaven, Germany, arrived at the Chengdu International Railway Port in the first test of the China-EU Express Railway (Chengdu). It increased the number of overseas departure terminals to 22. The express railway, a direct line for freight that was launched in 2013 to connect Chengdu to Europe, has eliminated the geographic disadvantages of Chengdu as a landlocked city and transformed the city into an important logistics hub and economic exchange center between Europe and western China. Chengdu has sent 2,597 freight trains to Europe in the past five years, 25 percent of China's total. \"With the increasing global influence of the China-EU Express Railway (Chengdu), a growing number of multinational companies are establishing a presence here,\" said Zhang Tianyi, deputy director of the management committee of the city's railway port. Italy, France, Germany, the Netherlands, Israel and Moldova have located their national commodity pavilions at the port. A similar story has played out in the air. As the largest aviation hub in central and western China, Chengdu currently has 112 international air routes that enable it to expand cooperation and exchanges with the outside, while boosting domestic investment. It is home to 285 Fortune Global 500 companies and 17 foreign consulates, the most of any city in central and western China. Since its debut in the Chengdu - as part of the China (Sichuan) Pilot Free Trade Zone in early 2017 - the southwest operation center of dhgate.com said it has seen a 300 percent increase in business volume and a drop of around 30 percent in its logistics fees in the past 18 months. The company helps small and medium-sized enterprises in Sichuan sell their commodities in some 130 countries and regions. Its general manager, Zhu Rong, said the growth is largely due to the facility's proximity to Shuangliu International Airport in Chengdu. Du Jinyou, head of Chengdu's logistics office, said the city will accelerate the pace of setting up seven international railway channels, along with five channels that combine sea and rail transportation, in a bid to become the hub of the new Eurasian land bridge linking the Atlantic and Pacific oceans. Chengdu's global air network will include business routes covering 48 core aviation hubs and economic centers; cargo-only routes directly linking with 14 key logistics cities, including Frankfurt, Chicago and Amsterdam; and another 30 high-quality routes serving the demand for tourism and culture, he said. Peng Chao contributed to this story.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "The Beijing Roast Duck, a time-honored Chinese brand, opened its first overseas branch in Vancouver on Monday. The popular Chinese food has been localized to cater the taste of customers in the new market. For example, slices of Peking Duck can be eaten with crisps and pieces of kiwi fruits at the new Beijing Roast Duck. Sun Yawen, president of the Beijing Roast Duck Vancouver, said they will stick to the strict standard of food quality and share traditional Chinese culture with Canadian friends. \"We will provide traditional Chinese artistic and cultural performances on a regular basis each week so that the customers can enjoy delicious Chinese food and wonderful performances at the same time.\" In addition to the localized services, the price setting of the Beijing Roast Duck Vancouver is also affordable for local people in Canada. ", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Discover the best things to do in Beijing with our weekly roundup of art and exhibitions, music and performances, and trending activities to do around town. To recommend an upcoming event or activity, please contact   As one of the most successful and award-winning musicals on Broadway and the West End,   has been staged in 14 countries, attracting more than 50 million viewers worldwide. An international company with over 70 cast and crew members and musicians has landed in China and will tour in major Chinese cities including Beijing, Shanghai and Guangzhou. Based on the international best-selling novel by Gregory Maguire that ingeniously re-imagines the stories and characters created by L. Frank Baum in    tells the incredible untold story of an unlikely, but profound friendship between two sorcery students.,  As part of the May Festival in Beijing for the 190th anniversary of Ludwig van Beethoven's death, Russia's Borodin Quartet is staging a show in Beijing next week. For seven decades, the Borodin Quartet, founded in 1945, has been celebrated for its insight and authority in the chamber music repertoire. In their upcoming show in Beijing, the Quartet will play classical melodies of Beethoven, Shostakovich, Schubert and Borodin.,  This is definitely a unique opportunity to get away from the hustle and bustle of the city, and enjoy some quality time with friends and family. The 2017 Great Wall Run Festival is kicking off this weekend at the Great Wall on the outskirts of Beijing, combining a five-kilometer fun run with a musical carnival.,  A two-act play from Lithuania,  adapted from Russian author Maxim Gorky's novel of the same title, will make its debut in China at the ongoing Meet in Beijing Arts Festival. The play tells the story of Vassa Zheleznova, a woman whose alcoholic husband assaults her and does not do enough to care for their son while alive. She works in a factory for years and raises her son but eventually she and her son clash. \"The conflicts between materialism and spirituality, and between sociability and individualism have been presented well in The Mother. We may see it as a Lithuanian story but at the same time it's recognizable in every society,\" director Kirill Glushajev said. Learn more  .  For people interested in Lithuanian art, nearly 70 art pieces from Lithuania are on show in Beijing. It includes paintings, statues, photographs, art installations and videos, reflecting the Eastern European country's art traditions, development and internationalization. Get a sneak peek  .  Spanish painter Borja Gonzalez will work with his band to perform  a show that combines sand art, live music, giant puppets and \"speed painting\" in Beijing. Since 2014, when the show was created,   has been performed at festivals and venues in Spain, France, Greece and the United States. Learn more  .  A painting by the late Li Binghong, which marks the founding of the People's Liberation Army, is now available for public viewing at the National Art Museum. The ongoing exhibition showcases 300 oil paintings, watercolors and sketches by Li Binghong, including the 1960 reproduction of the oil painting   and  .  Li Binghong (1913-86) is not a household name, but his oil painting   marks a significant moment in China's history. His 1959 work depicts armed resistance under the leadership of the Communist Party of China that took place on Aug 1, 1927, in Nanchang, in the Eastern Jiangxi province. Learn more  .  ", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "The internet speed keeps growing in Chinese mainland since the country began a campaign aimed at faster and more affordable internet connection in 2015.  In the third quarter of this year, the average download speed from fixed-line broadband network reached 16.4 Mbit/s, up 2.29 Mbit/s from the last quarter, according to industry organization Broadband Development Alliance.  Moreover, the average download speed via 4G network was 15.41 Mbit/s, a 14.5 percent increase. Shanghai has the fastest download speed of 18.41 Mbit/s from fixed-line broadband network in Chinese mainland, followed by Beijing and Jinan.  Let's have a look at the 10 Chinese cities with the fastest download speed. No 10 Hangzhou, download speed: 17.02 Mbit/s No 1 Shanghai, download speed: 18.41 Mbit/s No 9 Tianjin, download speed: 17.03 Mbit/s,No 8 Wuhan, download speed: 17.3 Mbit/s,No 7 Haikou, download speed: 17.31 Mbit/s,No 6 Shenyang, download speed: 17.32 Mbit/s,No 5 Fuzhou, download speed: 17.42 Mbit/s,No 4 Zhengzhou, download speed: 17.6 Mbit/s,No 3 Jinan, download speed: 17.67 Mbit/s,No 2 Beijing, download speed: 18.05 Mbit/s", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "China will turn Beijing, Shanghai, and Hefei in East China's Anhui province into world-class science and innovation hubs in the future, an official with the Chinese Academy of Sciences said on Monday. In recent years, CAS has seen a rapid surge in major scientific output, and China has taken the front ranks of the world in certain key scientific fields, Bai Chunli, the president of the academy, in a recent interview with China Central Television. Such scientific achievements included the world's most powerful pulse laser, the world's first cloned monkey using somatic cells, the world's first 10,000-meter deep ocean seismic profile, and the world's deepest diving underwater glider, breaking the previous record of 6,000 meters by more than 300 meters. Many of the centers and top universities involved in these breakthroughs are located in Beijing and Shanghai, as well as in Hefei, where the University of Science and Technology of China and the state-lab for quantum information technology are located. \"The academy will fully support turning these three cities not only into national level science centers, but also world-class research hubs with Chinese characteristics,\" said Gao Hongjun, the director of the academy's Bureau of Frontier Science and Education. To strengthen China's momentum in scientific development, the bureau will continue to support frontier pilot projects to create original scientific breakthroughs, said Gao. At the same time, China will build more innovation research centers and state sponsored labs for cutting-edge science fields, and train more top talents to tackle major scientific challenges in the world, he added. The academy currently has 18 major pilot projects in advanced scientific fields, with five completed last year. They are quantum communication, brain science and intelligence technology, geology of the Qinghai-Tibetan Plateau, superconducting electronics, and smog tracking mechanisms and technologies. China also has finished building 14 of its 19 planned innovation research centers, also known as Centers for Excellence, said Gao. They include fields such as particle physics, molecular science, brain science, quantum information science and other advanced science fields. These centers are world-class institutions in their respective fields, according to Nature Index, a research capability tracking database. \"These centers truly are pushing the envelope of science and are the energy source for China\u00a1\u00afs innovative and original science works,\" Gao said. Ding Hong, the chief scientist at the Beijing National Laboratory of Condensed Matter Physics, said the development of human civilization is based on our understanding of the material world. \"For the past decade, China has consistently supported basic scientific research,\" he said. \"It allows China to join the international science community and play a contributing role in answering some of the world's greatest mysteries.\u00a1\u00b1", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "BEIJING - China on Thursday reiterated its opposition to the US Section 301 investigation and urged the United States to cease investigation procedures. Gao Feng, spokesperson for the Ministry of Commerce, made the remarks at a press conference when commenting on the public hearings in the United States on the tariff proposal based on the Section 301 investigation against China from May 15 to 17. In April, the US administration proposed tariffs on a list of Chinese goods worth $50 billion based on the Section 301 investigation into alleged Chinese intellectual property and technology transfer practices. The Section 301 investigation is \"an act of unilateralism\" and \"unpopular with the public,\" he said, citing that more than 90 percent of the 2,000-plus published comments during the hearings opposed the tariff proposal. Gao also denied links between the public hearing and the ongoing China-US economic and trade consultations in Washington. \"We urge the United States to cease the Section 301 investigation to create a good environment for bilateral economic and trade cooperation,\" he said.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "        Yanjiao in Hebei province, 30 kilometers east of Beijing, is home to more than 700,000 people, most of whom work in the capital.  Zhang Yong, born in 1973 in Xi'an in the central province of Shaanxi, used to spend several hours a day commuting by bus and subway.  Since arriving in Beijing in 2008, the high cost of property has forced him to move further and further from the center.  His first apartment in Beijing was near the Liufang Subway Station on the East Second Ring Road, where monthly rents were 2,000 yuan to 3,000 yuan ($290 to $435).  When the rent rose, Zhang moved to Tiantongyuan on the North Sixth Ring Road to save money, but that area quickly became too expensive.  Zhang moved to Yanjiao in 2014 after friends told him that many people who work in Beijing's downtown live there.  \"I love Beijing's culture,\" he said. \"The city's history and culture tell me it's the place I should stay.\"  However, the capital's policies don't help people like him, who don't have Beijing hukou, a household registration permit, which means they are not allowed to buy property.  For several years, Zhang worked as an editor at a small publishing company in the Central Business District near the East Third Ring Road.  Despite not traveling during rush hours, his round trip took four hours, so in 2014 he quit his job and became a full-time writer and translator.  \"I made the decision because I was so tired of commuting,\" he said.  Zhang has published several books, some of which have sold well. The money has improved his financial status a little, but not enough to compensate for the soaring rents in and around the capital.  In the past 10 years, Yanjiao's population has risen from about 30,000 to more than 700,000, and the price of real estate has rocketed from 4,000 yuan per square meter to 30,000 yuan.  The main reason is that a growing number of people who are unable to afford apartments in Beijing have chosen to live in Yanjiao, known locally as \"the city of beds\".  \"I don't like to complain, but the cultural atmosphere in Yanjiao is terrible. There isn't a single library in the city,\" he said. \"As someone who writes about culture and history, I'm saddened by that.\"  Zhang will continue his writing career and try to save so he can rent an apartment closer to downtown Beijing, the \"real\" Beijing in his opinion.  \"I believe tough environments can create better people. I will work harder to change my life,\" he said. ", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Beijing Sport University has released a song entitled   to mark the 2022 Beijing Winter Olympics. More than 10,000 students and teachers of BSU are slated to be volunteers for the forthcoming international sporting event. More than 80 students and teachers took part in the 8-minute section of the 2018 Pyeongchang Winter Games closing ceremony that saw the torch passed to Beijing. The song is written by students and teachers of Beijing Sport University. Chinese medal winners, including Wu Dajing, winner of the men's 500-meter short-track speed skating final in Pyeongchang last year, and Chinese figure skater, Zhang Hao, who was a silver medalist at the 2006 Torino Winter Olympics, joined students and teachers from the university in performing the song.", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "Booths offering matchmaking services are propping up across several parks in Beijing, as parents of the unmarried continue to search nationwide for an ideal partner for their children. At the Temple of Heaven in Beijing's Dongcheng district, one can spot hundreds of greying men and women huddled behind two long rows of paper leaflets wrapped in plastic cases, listing the basic qualifications of their children. Hundreds more are seen moving along, skimming and scanning the leaflets. They pause every few steps to take notes of in-law prospects and toss out questions to confirm age, weight and height, occupation and places of household registration. This spot for seeking spouses, formed by parents spontaneously at least 10 years ago, has morphed into a well-organized market held four times a week. It also attracts attention as a must-see tourist spot, said a park official who did not want his name to be disclosed. \"When I was on patrol over the holidays, some people would ask me directly \u00a1\u00aa where is the so-called matchmaking market?\" the official said. \"To me, it looks more like a farmers market with rowdy vendors,\" he added. Last year, Sichuan province and Guangxi Zhuang autonomous region saw unabated passion for matchmaking at public parks during the annual seven-day holiday, according to media reports. \"Rain or shine, the matchmaking market here is open on weekends, and more frequent sessions are held during the National Day holiday,\" said a regular surnamed Huang at the market in Nanning in South China's Guangxi Zhuang autonomous region. Huang said to a local news portal in Guangxi that on the first day of the holiday last year, more than 500 people visited the market, double the usual number of visitors.,A sudden camera flash put Zhang Wen on alert. Zhang, the father of a 33-year-old bachelor, visited the matchmaking market at the Temple of Heaven with his wife as part of their morning exercises. He resented being pictured at the market for fear of disgracing his son. \"He didn't complain about me going to the market, but I know he doesn't like this method and he never nods to the dates I have selected for him from the park,\" he said. Zhang said matchmaking markets in public parks, including the Temple of Heaven, Beijing Zhongshan Park, and Beijing Chaoyang Park, are always filled with the elderly. A rare appearance of a juvenile face will immediately draw inquisitive eyes. \"I know the basic requests of my son. He likes slender, tall women who are three to five years younger than him,\" Zhang said. \"I also talk with other parents to see if we can get along,\" he said. \"If they are not congenial, there are slim chances of our kids pairing up.\" Zhang has introduced a handful of prospects to his son through the market by exchanging phone numbers with their parents. Together, they put their offspring in touch. But eventually, his son rejected them as they were \"not his type\". \"I find the younger generation strange in that they don't settle with a person who misses their criteria by one inch. They want perfection; while in my days, we are happy with a basic match,\" he said. Data released by the Ministry of Civil Affairs in August show that the marriage rate dropped for four consecutive years from 9.6 percent in 2014 to 7.7 percent in 2017, and the rate of separated couples has been climbing since 2010, reaching 3.2 percent last year. For the unmarried, nearly 50 percent of them are \"in no rush\" to get married and less than one third are free from working overtime, a report jointly issued in August last year by professional networking website LinkedIn and online matchmaking platform Zhenai said. \"I understand that the chances of finding a daughter-in-law in a market like this is extremely low, but it doesn't hurt to try my luck and try his luck,\" Zhang said.,Ma Lili, 25, an assistant accountant for a foreign company in Beijing, disagrees on vetting prospective spouses at matchmaking markets in parks. Ma said the market conveys a feeling of desperation from \"the leftover\" \u00a1\u00aa a term used to classify those who remain unmarried into their late 20s and beyond. \"Parents endeavor to find an ideal spouse for us, but we have many more choices to meet our future husband or wife instead of a method that feels like putting ourselves up for sale,\" she said. She added that matchmaking markets in parks represent the traditional parent-dominated marriage arrangements that are losing grip on young people's mindset. Instead, a variety of online services have sprung up to turn explicit matchmaking into networking events that aim at expanding social circles and encouraging interaction. Research shows that 23 percent of unmarried working professionals prefer business networking to find life partners, 20 percent of them rely on matchmaking websites, and another 26 percent turn to matchmaking events and alumni gatherings, according to the report issued by LinkedIn and Zhenai last year. \"On weekdays after I log off from work, or weekends and holidays, I am willing to meet prospects introduced by my friends, colleagues or online matchmakers,\" Ma said. \"It feels more relaxed, more of a casual gathering, rather than an intentional matchmaking attempt,\" she said. The mounting pressure during holidays also prompted Jiang Shihui, a 28-year-old white-collar worker in Shaoxing, Zhejiang province, to seek help from an online matchmaker. \"My parents pulled a stern face around 11 pm in the living room and began a serious discussion on my marital status. I was petrified,\" Jiang sent this message via the instant-messaging app WeChat to Chen Yuting, a local matchmaker, on Oct 3 last year. Jiang said at that point, he also felt lonely as his friends were away with their girlfriends, leaving him alone at home. \"I reached out to Chen because she is around my age, she knows a lot of local girls and I feel more at ease describing my dream girl to her,\" he said. Jiang joined in parties organized by Chen. These events, though titled \"matchmaking gatherings\", are primarily about harmless chitchats and ice-breaking games that helped lower his guard. \"I don't see myself as a strong competitor in the realm of matchmaking. I feel nervous in most occasions but not at a gathering held by Chen,\" he said. Jiang made a couple of new friends and met a woman. He was engaged recently.,Chen Yuting has gained popularity among youngsters in Shaoxing, a city with a population of 5 million in East China, for her gift for pairing up couples. She has been connecting more than 8,000 single men and women via WeChat. \"I have been telling my customers repeatedly that you will be quite frustrated if fixated on finding marriage materials through my services,\" she said. Chen, born into the post-90 generation, said the unmarried are burdened with repetitive requests from older generations. \"When it comes to holidays, such as the Spring Festival and the National Day, I see a surge in customer inquiries because parents nag more during these times.\" But the matchmaking market is a futile attempt, in her opinion. \"The single are not commodities. I don't peddle them, haggle over prices, or auction them off. Matchmaking is not only assigning a match for you, but also to expand your networks,\" she said. Chen prides herself on encouraging communication between young people. \"Some people rule a prospect out by attaching labels. One bachelor working in the IT sector told me his English teacher always scolded him in high school, so it's impossible for him to date an English teacher,\" she said. \"Well, he actually fell in love with a middle school English teacher at an event this May.\" \"I nudged him to approach her because I saw a good match in every other aspect. His fear for the English teacher was not that important,\" she said. Li Tonggui, a professor of the psychology department at Peking University, said that matchmaking markets across Beijing cater to the older generations' requirements that primarily stress salary levels. \"Young people emphasize romantic feelings at the beginning of a relationship. They tend to enjoy the process of falling in love before considering tangible requirements like salaries and housing,\" he said. He added that a sense of security and warm feelings are key to developing an intimate relationship. \"I suggest parents encourage their children to engage in outdoor activates, such as jogging, trekking or going on a picnic,\" Li said. \"Young people should grab every opportunity to meet and connect with others in person to increase their chances of finding an ideal husband or wife.\"", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": ", a 76-episode TV series which chronicles the struggles of a mother trying to reunite with her five children in early 20th century, will air on the Beijing Satellite TV on Sept 5. The series, directed by veteran director Guo Jingyu, stars actress Yue Lina \u00a1\u00aa also the director's wife \u00a1\u00aa in the titular role, as well as actors Zhang Shaohua, Yu Yi and Liu Zhiyang. Guo, known for drama series such as the 2014 hit,  also wrote  which centers on the fictional character of Liu Yingniang, a woman who survives a superstitious ceremony to sacrifice her to a \"dragon god.\" Despite escaping the ordeal, she experiences a series of misfortunes and is forced to separate from her children. To accurately recreate the sets for the era and replicate the location where the tale takes place \u00a1\u00aa the typical dwelling courtyards of Shanxi province \u00a1\u00aa the series was shot over ten months on 15 sound stages located on the outskirts of Beijing. Guo, revealed that the series will not only explore the family connection and the Chinese philosophy of filial piety, but will also look at the struggles of ordinary people during the turbulent years of the early 20th century.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Beijing will further expand its subway system with the opening of three new lines on Saturday. The two high-tech lines and one conventional tram will bring the number of lines in the capital to 22, covering a total of 608 kilometers, the Beijing Commission of Transport said. The 10.2-km S1 Line will be Beijing's first mid-to low-speed Maglev line, and has a top speed of 100 km/h. It will link the city's western districts of Mentougou and Shijingshan, and passengers can ride the entire line in less than 20 minutes. Maglev trains rely on electromagnetic forces that elevate carriages about 1 centimeter above the tracks, considerably reducing friction and providing a smooth ride. The 16.6-km Yanfang Line is the Chinese mainland's first domestically made driverless subway. It has a seating capacity of 960 and a top speed of 80 km/h. The line connects Beijing's southwestern Yanshan and Fangshan areas, aiming to facilitate development. Beijing's first modern tram, which will operate in Haidian district on the city's west side, will also welcome passengers on Saturday. Known as the Xijiao Line, it will be popular for sightseeing because it passes eight attractions, including the Summer Palace, Beijing Botanical Garden and Fragrant Hills Park. It runs mainly at ground level, but may rise or go underground as the road system requires. \"In addition to the increase of lines, we will also raise the comfort level of railways,\" said Zhou Zhengyu, director of the commission. \"For instance, we plan to add two business class carriages to Line 19, which can ensure a seat for each passenger.\" ", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "A Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) was signed between the Architectural Design and Research Institute of Tsinghua University (THAD) and Pei Partnership Architects in Beijing on Nov 17. Li Chung (Sandi) Pei, one of the founding partners of Pei Partnership Architects, signed the MoU with Zhuang Weimin, dean of THAD. According to the MoU, for common development purposes the two parties will establish a strategic partnership for resource exchange and academic collaboration to carry out projects based on their respective advantages, including marketing and product design. They will organize joint exhibitions, seminars, and teaching programs to promote their respective architectural brands globally. Pei Partnership Architects is a New York-based company established in1992. It is a full-service, international firm focusing on excellent design. Founding Partners Chien Chung Pei and Li Chung Pei are sons of I.M. Pei, a 100-year-old Chinese-American architect. Pei Partnership Architects has been engaged in the design of high-rise towers, healthcare facilities, institutional buildings, museums and concert halls as well as large-scale urban master plans and waterfront parks. The Al-Turki Business Park in Dharan, the Museum of Islamic Art Park in Doha, the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Headquarters in Beijing and the BMW Xingdebao 5S Dealership in Beijing were all recently completed by the firm. THAD is a national architectural design institute founded in 1958. It relies on the academic, scientific research and teaching resources of Tsinghua University and is the academic and practice foundation of several of the university\u00a1\u00afs faculties, including the School of Architecture and School of Civil Engineering. The institute is responsible for the design of Zhongshan Station, Changcheng Station and Kunlun Station, three of the four Chinese Antarctic scientific research stations. It has participated in the development of a number of national and local industrial standards and established a full-time professional degree postgraduate culture base. THAD has been approved by the China National Accreditation Service for Conformity Assessment and the United Kingdom Accreditation Service.", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "  Traveling alone is becoming increasingly popular as a new brand of tourist emerges from China. In a survey rolled out by the country's largest online travel agency Ctrip, about 15 percent of those booking breaks last year appeared to be single, an increase of 10.4 percent compared to 2015. Up to 41 percent of those choosing to travel alone were between the ages of 19 and 30, and were mostly unmarried, although Ctrip did not disclose detailed figures. \"Traveling by yourself these days seems to be a way of pursuing a kind of spirituality,\" said Shi Yuzhuan, chief marketing officer of Ctrip's tourism division. \"It is extremely popular among young people nowadays.\" Online outlets have enabled more individuals to travel alone. Booking air tickets, hotel rooms and visits to scenic spots can be done with a click or two. If single consumers need help, they can always call a travel consultant on their smartphone. \"People no longer feel helpless when traveling by themselves,\" Shi said. According to the Ctrip survey released earlier this year, singles from major cities, such as Beijing, Shanghai, Chengdu and Shenzhen, are more than happy to travel alone. In terms of destinations, Lijiang and Kunming in Yunnan province, and Jiuzhaigou in Sichuan province are the most popular domestic routes. Seoul, Hong Kong and Bangkok top the list for overseas trips. Of those traveling alone, up to 58 percent were women. Zhao Lei is a marketing manager at a multinational beverage company in Shanghai and takes at least five trips each year. With disposable income to play with, she mostly travels to overseas destinations. \"I have no plans of saving for marriage,\" the 36-year-old said. \"If getting married will affect my travel plans, I would rather remain single.\" When asked about the reasons for traveling alone, most of those interviewed by Ctrip said they enjoyed the freedom of heading off by themselves. Meeting new friends and even starting a relationship also appealed to them. Li Kai is a programmer at an internet company in Beijing and prefers traveling alone than going with friends. This gives him the chance to meet more people during his trips. \"My life is already quite mundane,\" the 27-year-old said. \"I look at codes all day and my circle is very small. \"I prefer to travel on my own so that I can make new friends,\" Li added. \"These trips are also more challenging.\" Ctrip's survey found that 98 percent of people traveling on their own were satisfied with the experience. This was a far higher rate than those taking off with friends or family. \"That is partly because the travel packages in the market are more suitable to singles than to families or friends,\" said Liu Deqian, a tourism researcher at the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "More than 450 journalists from BRI countries and regions tour city, learn about history, business-boosting efforts The second Belt and Road Forum for International Cooperation, taking place from Thursday to Saturday, is giving Beijing the chance to show off its longtime efforts in preserving cultural heritage, developing the creative industry and promoting cultural exports. More than 450 journalists from the countries and regions involved the Belt and Road Initiative, including nearly 400 from abroad, were invited by the Press Center of the forum and the Beijing Information Office to join in a three-day city tour that started on Tuesday. According to local officials, foreign journalists learned more about the ancient capital's history, traditional Chinese culture and the creative industry's efforts to combine a modern lifestyle with Oriental elements on a visit to the Museum of Confucius Temple and Guozijian, or the Imperial College, as well as the 77 Creative Park on the first day of the tour. \"This is my first trip to Beijing,\" said Alex from Chile. \"Beijing's Confucius Temple and the Imperial College are what I most look forward to visiting.\" \"My house in Santiago is close to a Confucius Institute and many of my friends are learning Chinese so I've become very interested in traditional Chinese culture.\" The Confucius Temple and the Imperial College, showcasing Chinese people's respect and thirst for knowledge, served as a bridge between ancient China and the outside world. Many journalists were amazed to learn that since the Ming Dynasty (1368-1644), the Imperial College had been recruiting students from other countries including Japan, Vietnam, Thailand and Russia.,The Qing Dynasty (1644-1911) government even set up a special school to teach students from Russia. The media delegation also watched Dacheng Etiquette. The ritual performance is the same as the ancient one, thanks to Beijing's sustained campaign for culture preservation and innovation. When the ritual was over, they said that they appreciated the profound culture and Confucian thoughts. Last year, the city government issued a framework plan for the protection and utilization of old factories to expand space for cultural development and the local creative industry. Located inside the compound of the Imperial College, 77 Creative Park is an exemplary case of the drive. The creative park, which used to be the Beijing Printing Factory, the structure of which still remains, has attracted many startup businesses engaged in the creative industry. In the yard of 77 Creative Park, many esteemed artists and craftsmen from Beijing now demonstrate their skills in paper-cutting, lacquerware carving, seal cutting and monkey toy making to the visitors. Some of the audience said they admired Beijing's efforts in not only protecting handicraft techniques but also bringing them closer to people's lives.,On the final day of the city tour, journalists visited the Beijing Tianzhu Free Trade Zone and two major areas in it - the National Base for International Cultural Trade (Beijing) and the Cross-border E-commerce Direct Mail Station of Beijing Capital International Airport. The Beijing Tianzhu Free Trade Zone is the city's only special customs supervision zone and China's first airport comprehensive bonded zone connecting with Beijing Capital International Airport, which provides quick and direct access to imports and exports. The free trade zone provides duty-free foreign goods, tax refunds and tax exemptions for companies. For example, it is implementing the value-added tax \"exemption, offset and refund\" policy for aero engine maintenance. The policy can avoid double tax payments worth about 3.1 million yuan ($461,370) for maintenance of an engine and reduce about 200,000 yuan in logistics cost and around 15 days in logistics time, local officials said. The National Base for International Cultural Trade (Beijing) was created to advance the Belt and Road Initiative and Beijing's goal to become a national cultural center, they said. \"It is providing services in such areas as exhibition and experience, communication and promotion, transaction settlement, startup incubation and cultivation, financing and investment, and warehousing and logistics,\" they noted. There are three marketing centers in operation and more than 20 companies settled at a cross-border e-commerce industrial park within the FTZ. Several commodity halls for Germany, Australia, Argentina, the United States and other countries also can be seen in the FTZ. By building such cultural exchange platforms, Beijing can play an important role in promoting China's cultural product and service exports and fostering cultural businesses and professionals, local officials said.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "How can Chinese enterprises brand themselves overseas in a new era which is shifting from \"Made in China\" to \"Created in China\"? Phoenix Satellite Television Global Brand Summit, an annual event which recently held its latest meeting in Beijing on Nov 8, has gathered the Hong Kong broadcaster's top hosts, business leaders, international organization representatives and scholars to seek the answer. Dong Jiayao, vice-president of Phoenix and a renowned anchor known for the popular commenting program says the media outlet has more than 100 journalists in around 60 countries and regions. Their connection with local authorities and commercial circles can help Chinese enterprises be more quickly recognized, Dong said. Sally Wu, deputy head of Phoenix InfoNews Channel and a veteran presenter, suggested Chinese companies be open and inclusive when going abroad. Earlier this year a record 120 Chinese companies moved onto the Fortune Global 500 list, marking the 15th consecutive year the country's companies have increased their presence there. China is facing an unprecedented opportunity to go abroad and its rich media resources could be very useful to expand Chinese enterprises' influence overseas, said Tian Tao, a Beijing-based researcher.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Huang Runqiu, vice-minister of environmental protection, has called for a sober assessment of the recent improvement in air quality and continuous efforts to fight pollution. The structure of industry, energy consumption and transportation should be further optimized to reduce the discharge of pollutants, he told a news conference on Saturday. The annual average concentration of PM2.5 - harmful particulate matter with a diameter of less than 2.5 micrometers that can enter the bloodstream via the lungs - in the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region has fallen by about 40 percent in the past five years and Beijing\u00a1\u00afs PM 2.5 concentration has declined to 58 micrograms per cubic meter last year. The number of days with heavy air pollution in key cities in the country has been halved, according to Huang. He said recent analysis has found that about 30 percent of the improvement was because of favorable meteorological conditions for the dispersal of pollutant, and the rest was due to efforts made by various parties. Though the efforts have generated good results, air pollution has not been completely controlled yet. The air quality of about 70 percent of the country\u00a1\u00afs 338 major cities has not yet met standard, he said. \u00a1\u00b0We should be cool-headed\u00a1\u00adand must not relax in our efforts,\u00a1\u00b1 said Huang, adding that pollution discharge remains high in the country. Because of the high pollutant discharge, the country is still prone to be troubled by smog in case of unfavorable meteorological conditions, he said. Huang said recent research and analysis have found that the 28 major cities in Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei cluster discharge 10 percent of total emissions of sulfur dioxide and volatile organic compounds, as well as 15 percent of nitric oxide and primary particulates, though they cover no more than 3 percent of the country's territory. The government is drafting a new three-year operation dubbed a \"blue sky protection campaign\" to transform the structures of industry, energy consumption and transportation, Huang said. While reducing the coal consumption, which is a major contributor to air pollution in Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region especially during the winter heating season, the government will also make efforts to make railway play a bigger role in transportation in the region while decreasing the use of heavy trucks.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "BEIJING - Uichiro Niwa, the Japanese ambassador to China, said the people of China and Japan should learn more about the current situation in each other's country rather than get entangled in the past if they want to forge stronger relations. Calling attention to the survey results, the ambassador said sincere communication is needed if the relationship is to improve. The ties between the two countries were damaged when Chinese and Japanese vessels collided in September. The ties improved, though, when China offered to help Japan recover from the large earthquake that struck in March. \"These events give us more reason for our two countries to work for friendship... This is the right time to strengthen our ties with action and determination,\" Niwa said. The survey, conducted annually prior to the Beijing-Tokyo Forum, found that people's attitudes in China and Japan have changed largely because of the history of Japan's aggression in China and because of territorial disputes over the Diaoyu Islands in the East China Sea. Before returning to Beijing late on Saturday to attend the forum's opening ceremony on Sunday, Niwa had just wound up a four-day visit to the Tibet autonomous region. In Tibet, he met with the Tibetan chairman, toured Buddhist temples and talked with ordinary people. He said the trip was aimed at getting to know the ethnic groups in China better.  According to the Japanese embassy in Beijing, Niwa is the first Japanese ambassador to visit Tibet in at least 10 years. In the year since he took office, Niwa has traveled to several places in China, including Nanjing, where many citizens were slaughtered by invading Japanese troops during 1937 and 1945. \"I am trying to visit everywhere in China and hope to help more Chinese people understand Japan,\" Niwa said. \"I believe if I persevere for 10 years, the ties between Japan and China will surely improve,\" Niwa said. Niwa, a Japanese businessman with extensive experience in China, first came to China in the 1980s. Niwa became the ambassador to China in 2010 at the age of 71 and is the first Japanese civilian who was picked to be an ambassador after the war.  Calls for better ties with China also came from another incumbent Japanese cabinet member at the forum. Renho Murata, minister of administrative reform, said she and her colleagues will strive to ensure the ties between the countries are strengthened. The 42-year-old Murata is the first Japanese cabinet member with Chinese origins. Her father was a merchant from Taiwan and her mother was Japanese.  Renho studied Chinese for two years at Peking University and is now working to improve communications between China and Japan. Renho pledged that more Japanese people will visit China to gain a better understanding of it. Renho said it is important that people recognize that today there is a new China and a new Japan rather than getting stuck in the past.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "  At 8:38 am Friday, a train with about 350 passengers left from southwest China's Chongqing Caiyuanba Railway Station, marking the Lanzhou-Chongqing line's official opening to traffic. The 886-kilometer long railway connects Chongqing with Lanzhou, the capital city of the northwestern province of Gansu. The project, started in 2008, is the country's third main transportation line, after the Beijing-Shanghai line and Beijing-Guangzhou line. The railway, which cuts travel distance between the two cities by about 650 kilometers and travel time from 21 hours to 12, will greatly boost the economy in the less-developed counties of inland China. Thirteen counties on the official list of impoverished areas are situated along the line. Though the counties boast an abundance of cash crops such as Sichuan pepper, walnut and herbal medicines, local farmers found it hard to transport produce out of the mountainous areas, forcing them to seek jobs elsewhere.  The new line is expected to cut the transportation costs by more than 70 percent, according to China Central Television. The line will also integrate with existing railways. To the south, it connects with the Chongqing-Guiyang railway, forming a north-south artery. To the northwest, it will be integrated into the Chongqing-Xinjiang-Europe railway, linkingChongqing with European countries.  Due to the complicated geographic conditions along the way, this project is said to be the most difficult one in China's rail history. A total of 226 tunnels and 396 bridges are required to pass through the mountains and rivers, most notably the Qinling Mountains. The line also traverses a host of fault zones.  As more than 72 percent of the line is bridges and tunnels, safety is the most important issue during operation, said Tian Yu\u00a3\u00aca conductor who has been working on the railway for 20 years. \"When passing through the tunnels, negative wind pressure can easily hurt the people who stand at the junction of the two carriages,\" he said. \"Our staff need to pay more attention to educate the passengers.\"", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "This year's upcoming Beijing Music Festival will kick off with two groundbreaking stage productions by Chinese-American director Chen Shi-zheng. With its quiet, tree-lined streets and courtyard houses, an old neighborhood in the southwest of the capital is home to the Peking Opera Theater Company of Beijing, which was founded in 1979. Several late Peking Opera masters, including Mei Lanfang, Shang Xiaoyun and Ma Lianliang, prepared the way for the establishment of the theater. \"It feels like the 1980s. This place offers you a glimpse of what the city used to be like,\" says Chinese-American director Chen Shi-zheng, who is busy with rehearsals at the opera company based in Beijing's Fengtai district. He is preparing his two stage productions - Farewell My Concubine and The Orphan of Zhao - that will open the upcoming Beijing Music Festival in their joint Asia premieres. Now in its 21st year, the Beijing Music Festival, which is being held from Oct 12 to 26, will present 21 performances which will include operas, orchestral symphonies and works of chamber music. Born in Changsha, Hunan province, Chen moved to New York at the age of 25 to gain his master's degree at the Tisch School of the Arts at New York University. Now in his early 50s, Chen is known for his stage works, including his complete 20-hour Kunqu Opera work, The Peony Pavilion, commissioned by the Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts in 1999. \"I have not staged my works in China for about 20 years and I am nervous about the reaction I will receive from Chinese audiences,\" adds Chen. Farewell My Concubine was created by Peking Opera master Mei Lanfang in 1922 and has become one of the most beloved stories played on the Chinese theatrical stage ever since. Set against the backdrop of the Chu-Han Contention, a civil war that followed the collapse of the Qin Dynasty (206-202 BC), it is a love story between the King of the Chu Kingdom, Xiang Yu, and his lover and concubine Yu, who gives her life to the man she loves when he and his kingdom are overthrown by his enemies. In his adaptation of Farewell My Concubine, Chen retains the singing from traditional Peking Opera while combining modern stage technology with elements such as dancing, lighting and even a real horse.,\"I wanted to create a new version of this story based on the classics, but break away from the usual limitations of Peking Opera to create a contemporary theater vocabulary that would resonate with today's audiences,\" says Chen. \"I'm interested in exploring the relationship between contemporary art forms and their public appeal in metropolitan cities like Beijing. What can artists offer? In other words, why do people go to the theater to watch Peking Opera? \"Tradition is not merely about form; it's about the spirit that the form is built upon. The core value of inheriting tradition, in my opinion, is to let its spirit live in the life that surrounds us,\" he adds. The orchestra not only uses traditional Chinese musical instruments such as the erhu, sanxian and gong, but also has a five-piece band of Western musical instruments, including the violin, cello and harp. The director also uses interactive multimedia techniques as a vehicle to convey the inner voices of the characters. \"Keeping the traditional music style of Peking Opera is the core of the adaptation,\" says 80-year-old conductor Hu Bingxu, one of the most prominent conductors in China, who is not only the resident conductor at the Peking Opera Theater Company of Beijing but also a former conductor of several national companies, such as the China National Symphony Orchestra. \"Usually Peking Opera has simple stage sets, such as a table and two chairs. But Chen's innovations help the audience, especially younger people who have never seen a Peking Opera show before, to understand this traditional Chinese art.\" As for The Orphan of Zhao, Chen adopted an entirely modern approach.,The opera, which premiered at the Lincoln Center Festival in New York in 2003, tells the story of an orphan's revenge against those who killed his family members when he was an infant. Written by Yuan Dynasty (1271-1368) dramatist Ji Junxiang, it was one of the first major Chinese plays to be translated into European languages. However, in his adaptation, Chen has blurred the backdrop of the opera's time and location. Through a series of workshops with a group of American actors and designers, a writer and a composer, Chen attempted to create a new form of theater expression that was \"neither Western nor Chinese, but rather a new kind of theater,\" in which these elements could equally coexist yet remain transparent. The Orphan of Zhao is the last part of a trilogy of Chinese classics created by Chen in 2001. He wrote them with the aim of sharing Chinese literary treasures on the world stage, \"because a classic Chinese story deserves to be told to the world over and over again, and not just by the Chinese,\" he says. As for the music, Mike Smith, an English music producer and musician, who is the music director for Chen's production of The Orphan of Zhao, says: \"My approach was to make the music sound more contemporary and less traditional. We wanted to move away from the familiar music syntax of the East both instrumentally and harmonically and make it sound really cool.\" Smith first met Chen on the director's operatic stage production, Monkey: Journey to the West, an adaptation of Chinese classic novel, Journey to the West by Ming Dynasty (1368-1644) writer Wu Cheng'en. The production was staged at the Manchester International Festival in 2007 and Chen worked along with British musicians Damon Albarn and British artist Jamie Hewlett, the creators of the virtual band, Gorillaz. Smith, who has worked with Albarn for over 20 years, re-orchestrated the work for a largely electronic ensemble, and mixed it with standard orchestral instruments. \"I find working with Chen always forward-thinking. We have moved the story 'along' and not settled on a traditional context for both the libretto or the music,\" Smith says. \"Shakespeare is an international literary giant. This story from The Orphan of Zhao is the same. We can all relate to it and understand it in whatever context it is presented. That's what is so exciting about being involved with this production. Everyone will get something out of it.\"", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Beijing's environmental watchdog has vowed to further improve air quality in the capital this year. The city will strive to decrease its annual PM2.5 concentration, as well as its average three-year density of airborne particles, by focusing efforts on three major pollution culprits\u00a3\u00addiesel-powered trucks, kicked-up dust and volatile organic compounds\u00a3\u00adthe Beijing Ecological Environment Bureau said on Tuesday. It said greater efforts will be made to improve air quality through better, more detailed management of pollution sources in what it's calling the 1 Microgram Campaign, which underscores the increasing difficulty of reducing PM2.5 density by even a single microgram. The three-year average metric was introduced to help reduce the skewing of data due to meteorological conditions and show how the public's efforts contribute to overall improvements, the bureau said. The plan was announced as Beijing saw its PM2.5 density drop by about 12 percent year-on-year to 51 micrograms per cubic meter last year\u00a3\u00ad5 mcg/cu m lower than the target set in the 13th Five-Year Plan (2016-20). In January, however, the density increased almost 53 percent year-on-year to 52 mcg/cu m. The authorities have yet to explain the increase. To move the 1 Microgram Campaign forward, Beijing authorities will speed up restrictions on diesel-powered trucks and eventually phase out obsolete ones. An online monitoring system for heavy-duty trucks will be accelerated, under the plan, which also said that all construction sites will be equipped with video monitoring systems to help the city control airborne dust. Mobile sources contributed 45 percent of locally generated PM2.5 in Beijing, with diesel trucks the top culprit. Kicked-up dust came in second at 16 percent, according to the bureau's analysis of pollution sources in 2018. Officials have stressed that it will be increasingly difficult for Beijing to further improve its air quality, especially since the capital has already rolled out all major measures capable of achieving quick results. This includes, for example, the shift from coal to clean energy for heating. Liu Bingjiang, head of air quality management at the Ministry of Ecology and Environment, told a news conference last month that \"it will be the biggest victory for Beijing if it could safeguard the PM2.5 density of 51 mcg/cu m\" this year. He also warned of the possibility that the density will increase if unfavorable meteorological conditions are in play. The ministry said average PM2.5 density from October to January in the 28 major cities in the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei province cluster increased by 6.7 percent year-on-year to 80 mcg/cu m. Despite the increase in January, the PM2.5 concentration in Beijing during the period was still the lowest in the cluster. It added that, compared with last year, meteorological conditions in the cluster will be less favorable for pollutant dispersal this month and in March, though conditions are close to the 10-year average. Moderate to heavy air pollution will settle into the cluster and the Fenhe and Weihe plains, mostly in Shanxi and Shaanxi provinces, from Wednesday to Sunday because of unfavorable meteorological conditions, the setting off fireworks for Lantern Festival on Tuesday, and resumption of industrial activities after the Spring Festival holiday break, it said.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Francis Tchiegue's busy Beijing life is becoming even busier due to what he calls his \"mission\". In addition to filming TV shows such as Francis Tells Tales and Francis' Tricks for Chinese at the headquarters of StarTimes in the city, Tchiegue also revises multilingual scripts and drafts. The Cameroon national has lived in China for more than a decade. In 2003, he won a scholarship to study for a PhD in Beijing as part of an exchange program sponsored by China and his home country. As a huge fan of Chinese culture, Tchiegue speaks Mandarin fluently and he has become a TV celebrity adored by Chinese audiences. Six months ago, he started to work full time as a host and consultant at StarTimes, one of the largest TV service providers in Africa. \"I came to China to see what I could do for media and cultural exchanges between China and Africa, and StarTimes has been dedicated to this kind of work for years and years. That is why I chose to work here,\" Tchiegue said. \"It is my mission.\" In 2002, StarTimes set a goal that distinguished it from other television operators in Africa at the time: To provide affordable and excellent digital TV services for every African family. That goal has now taken root in the continent and won wide recognition from the public and various governments. StarTimes has also registered and set up subsidiaries to provide digital TV services for nearly 20 million users in more than 30 African countries, including Rwanda, Nigeria, Kenya, Tanzania, Uganda and South Africa. As its name suggests, Star-Times is a rising star on the continent, presenting images of the world to households across Africa. The sight of a family gathered in front of the television enjoying time together is now increasingly common in African countries.,In 2002, when Pang Xinxing, founder of StarTimes, and his team traveled to Africa to assess the market, they were surprised to discover that there were more opportunities on the continent than in the European and American markets. After much consideration, they decided to compete in the digital TV market. \"At that time, digital TV services were a luxury enjoyed by only a small number of people,\" said Pang, noting that the initial installation fee in many African countries was as high as $200 and the monthly subscription ranged from $50 to more than $100. The root cause was monopoly, as large corporations divided and dominated the African market, crushing anyone who challenged them. However, the arrival of StarTimes changed the game. Acting on the philosophy of serving the people through business, StarTimes' subscription was reasonable for most ordinary families. Initial installation cost $10, while the minimum TV package which offered more than 10 channels cost $1 a month. Customer-centered service was also crucial for StarTimes' prosperity in Africa. The unstable voltage and frequency of electricity in many African countries meant TV sets and decoders broke down easily, but few operators offered aftersales services to ordinary people. \"When we first started the business in Africa, we were quite dismayed by the high rate of aftersales maintenance. However, to our great surprise the local people were very grateful because every time they returned a broken TV we gave them a makeshift one and fixed the problem as quickly as possible,\" Pang said. StarTimes' aftersales service was revolutionary. The wholehearted effort in solving technical problems for local people quickly saw the brand become popular and trusted in many countries.,This game-changing service and business model was underpinned by StarTimes' technology. Since 2008, the company has seized the chance to boost investment in TV technology and built four basic networks, comprising signal relay, direct broadcast satellite, digital terrestrial TV transmission and online video. StarTimes' TV signal now covers the entire African continent. More than 480 programs in 11 languages, from local stations to China's mainstream media, world-famous channels and StarTimes originals, are broadcast via the platform, with topics ranging from news to sports, along with movies and fashion. StarTimes is now striving to promote its digital TV services in rural areas of Africa as part of its effort to carry out the Access to Satellite TV for 10,000 African Villages project initiated by China in 2015. It is a challenging task, but for many African people it is an amazing gift and a gateway to the outside world. Joseph Runyenje Lopeyok, an ardent soccer fan, lives in Likii village, Laikipia county, in central Kenya. He was able to watch this year's World Cup tournament thanks to the clear signals guaranteed by the StarTimes decoder installed in his backyard. \"Even my wife and daughters, who are not normally soccer fans, were enticed by the games,\" Lopeyok said. The first time he traveled to Africa, Pang felt a kind of \"natural connection between me and the African people\". \"Once I asked an African leader what the most complex human relationship in the world was, and without a second thought he said: 'That between a mother-in-law and a daughter-in-law',\" Pang said. That answer is echoed in traditional Chinese culture and countless TV shows. StarTimes' Sino Drama channel is a big hit in Africa. It broadcasts popular Chinese TV dramas, such as Doudou and Her Mother-in-Law and The Journey of the Flower, dubbed into different languages. In 2011, the company established a translation and dubbing center. With output capacity of 10,000 hours, the center dubs programs into eight languages: Chinese, English, French, Portuguese, Swahili, Hausa, Yoruba and Luganda. To attract more talent, StarTimes also holds TV drama dubbing competitions, and the winners are offered jobs at the company's Beijing headquarters. \"One principle we always stick to is that we will never lower our standards in the African market. Providing a less qualified service would not only be disrespectful to the audience, but also disrespectful to the arts,\" Pang said. On its 43 original channels, home-produced dramas, kung fu shows and dubbing competitions are all popular with African audiences. \"Compared with many other foreigners, African students are more gifted in learning Chinese, either in terms of pronunciation or comprehension of the language,\" Tchiegue said. That's part of the reason African voice actors and actresses have few cultural barriers in dubbing Chinese TV series, especially family dramas. The connection between Chinese people and Africans constantly inspires StarTimes to move forward. To make more Chinese TV shows accessible to African audiences in rural and suburban areas, StarTimes sent out TV caravans to provide broadcast services. Wherever the caravans went, children chased after them and danced to the music they played, while villagers would sit on chairs they brought with them, happily waiting for the show to begin. China has been adhering to the principles of sincerity, real results, affinity and good faith in its African policy. In Pang's view, the benefits African people can gain from such cooperation are fundamental to the principles. StarTimes is expanding and accelerating its localization year by year. urrently, it employs more than 4,000 people in Africa, with locals accounting for more than 95 percent. Meanwhile, there are more than 7,000 StarTimes agents across Africa, and they have generated around 50,000 jobs. \"Any company that really wants to take root in Africa should make an effort to boost social and human development in Africa. Creating more jobs is part of its social responsibility,\" Pang said.,China-Africa relations have reached a stage of growth unmatched in history. While an increasing number of Chinese are visiting Africa, many more Africans are choosing China as a destination to work and live. Gabon national Bolabola Joelle Zita has worked as a fashion host and voice actress at StarTimes's headquarters for 17 months. Zita earned a bachelor's at Beijing Language and Culture University and a master's at the University of Science and Technology Beijing. Back in her home country, Zita was a government employee who dreamed of working in the fashion industry. However, until she joined StarTimes she never imagined that her dream would ever be realized. \"I appreciate the opportunity and environment that StarTimes has offered to help me grow as a TV host. It is a company that is willing to teach and listen to you,\" she said. Now Zita's makeup show S-Belle is broadcast to African audiences via StarTimes channels, and it can even be seen in small, remote villages. \"Although I have to get up at 5 o'clock every morning and work all day, I never get bored or tired, because I am doing something I love. TV shows give me a better understanding of the different cultures in Africa and the world,\" Zita said. \"It is amazing, isn't it - I'm getting to know more about Africa while in China.\" Brice Icigumije, from Burundi, has lived in Beijing for a year. He works on a TV show called 100 Cine which focuses on movies. \"I try to give African audiences a glimpse of the latest movies from across the world and encourage them to go to the cinema,\" Icigumije said, with a smile. \"This is a job I feel passionate about.\" During the 2018 Beijing Summit of the Forum on China-Africa Cooperation, which concluded on Tuesday, Tchiegue spent time helping African embassies in China with receptions and arrangements for meetings. \"Many of my friends didn't understand why I went to China rather than European or American countries, but now they are all happy for me because I have finally found something I enjoy doing which is not about money,\" he said. \"Through the TV shows we make together, I hope the Chinese can get closer to the real Africa and Africans to the real China.\" Tchiegue is also an enthusiastic cultural ambassador. He makes tours and delivers speeches across the world to help people learn Chinese and get closer to Chinese culture. When we met him, he was looking forward to taking part in the people-to-people and cultural exchange events at the summit. \"I will definitely participate in the events,\" he said. \"It is a kind of priceless happiness.\"", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "  China's plan to develop a special economic zone\u00a3\u00adthe Xiongan New Area\u00a3\u00adnear Beijing has fueled a stock market frenzy all right, but analysts remain skeptical such optimism would create a sustainable bull market. The plan has injected an unexpected element of excitement into the A-share market, lifting investors' risk preference and boosting expectation for improved corporate earnings, especially the profitability of companies in sectors such as infrastructure, construction materials, transportation and environmental protection. But analysts warned short-term market optimism is unlikely to lead to a sustainable rise in share prices as overall economic prospects could still face downward pressure. Chen Letian, an analyst at BOC International, said the mid- to long-term market trend will be determined by key factors such as stock valuations, corporate profitability and the interest rate environment, noting that the plan to set up a new economic zone is unlikely to change the overall economic cycle direction in China. \"While it is a 'historic' decision, we don't think it will change the underlying trend of the economy and we suggest investors should remain cautious on any potential market corrections,\" Chen said. The central authorities announced on April 1 the plan to set up the Xiongan New Area in Hebei province to relocate some low-priority functions from Beijing, in order to ease the pressure of being a metropolitan city on the national capital. While economists agree that the ambitious project could spur greater infrastructure and property investment, they said uncertainty shrouds the sustainability of an infrastructure investment-led growth. And given the potential for a tighter market liquidity, the authorities will likely continue to push financial deleveraging to contain asset bubbles. Gao Ting, head of China strategy at UBS Securities, said investors have shifted focus from the recent upturn in China's economic data to whether robust property and infrastructure investment will be sustained in the second half of this year. Nonetheless, Gao said that the expectation of building the Xiongan New Area into an innovative, market-driven green city will mean that the environmental protection sector can be a major beneficiary of the plan. \"China has made green development a key priority for the Xiongan New Area, and is phasing out low-end manufacturing throughout Hebei province. The region urgently needs to address its environmental issues and may start doing so before urban construction begins,\" he said in a research note. Zhao Yang, chief China economist at Nomura Securities, said the Xiongan New Area could spur slightly stronger fixed asset investment growth, particularly in infrastructure and property investment, in coming years. But Zhao said that extent of the project's positive impact on economic growth could be limited because it depends on the course of monetary policy. \"If the monetary policy remains prudent and neutral, then financing of the project may crowd out other public or private investment expenditure. However, if the project's importance is enough to tempt the central bank to ease its policy stance, the risk is that this could trigger a surge in inflation,\" Zhao said. Contact the writer at lixiang@chinadaily.com.cn", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Six Chinese cities made it into the list of the top 30 tech cities worldwide compiled by international real estate adviser Savills, and they account for a higher share of venture capital investment than their US counterparts. Beijing recorded an average $34 billion of venture capital investment per year in the last three years, which was higher than that of New York and San Francisco. The list - led by New York, San Francisco and London - ranked the Chinese cities of Shanghai in 15th place, Beijing in 17th, Hong Kong in 20th, Shenzhen in 24th, Hangzhou in 25th, and Chengdu in 26th. As important centers of technology within their regions, the cities on the list are assessed by 100 metrics, ranging from the number of days needed to start a business to the cost of a flat white coffee. The metrics are grouped into six categories, namely business environment, technology environment, city buzz and wellness, talent pool, real estate costs and mobility. Chinese cities have emerged as leaders in shared mobility services, although the overall mobility ranking puts London first on the list. On individual Chinese cities, the Savills report says some of China\u00a1\u00afs largest technology firms are headquartered in Beijing, close to regulators.  Shanghai leads Chinese cities as a more global technology city, thanks to an international business environment and better of quality of life for residents. Shenzhen is seen as an exceptionally youthful tech city, which benefits from strengthening links with Hong Kong and the technology-stock exchange, ChiNext. Hangzhou, which is home to internet giant Alibaba, stands out as a lower-cost smaller city, famed for its West Lake, which is a UNESCO World Heritage site. Chengdu\u00a1\u00afs technology economy has soared on outsourcing, with its government being pro-business and technology investments rising. Tapping into a vast, internet-enabled domestic market, Chinese technology giants have moved up fast and, thanks to integrated payment systems, revolutionized the way business is conducted in the country, says the report, which notes that China is also a global leader in artificial intelligence technology. Already established as a center of technology manufacturing, China sees its homegrown hardware firms making global moves.", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "Kang Liunian, a Chinese white-collar turned entrepreneur, made Japanese noodle popular with unique taste and new business model in Sanlitun, Beijing. Kang came to Beijing in 2001 and worked in marketing department for various kinds of companies such as State-owned companies, foreign companies, joint ventures and internet entrepreneurial companies. At the end of 2016, she decided to resign from a well-known internet company as a senior manager and pursued her dream of opening a noodle shop. \"To start a business of my own has always been my dream. I was 36 then and for me it was a turning point in my life. I had to be brave enough to leave the comfort zone and give up all the labels to obtain further growth,\" Kang said. After heading to Tokyo to learn from the most popular noodle shop in January 2017, Kang opened her first Japanese restaurant in Sanlitun in Beijing in July last year. By using online marketing strategies and application of online data algorithms into marketing, Kang made the restaurant popular in four to five months. The thick soup makes the noodle taste special and it takes 16 hours to make the soup to guarantee good taste. As it costs high and takes time to make this thick soup, Kang only sells 80 bowls of noodles each day. Kang said one has to have craftsmanship spirit and ability to do things efficiently with limited resources to make the noodle delicious. She plans to expand her business through standardized management chain and open her second restaurant in China.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "A national political adviser called for a national strategy and the involvement of the entire society on Sunday to curb the increasing rate of nearsightedness. Wang Ningli, also head of the Ophthalmologic Center at Beijing Tongren Hospital, said at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing that the success of myopia prevention efforts was in the participation of parents and society as a whole. Wang said levels of nearsightedness are now very severe in China and that many children in kindergarten have myopia. There is also a high rate of myopia and weak eyesight among Chinese juveniles. He also said schools alone cannot do the job and it is vital that parents realize that shortsightedness is a serious threat to health. Parents and schools should work together to ensure at least one and half hours of outdoor activity every day for students, as well as a reduced academic workload and that less time was spent on electronic devices, Wang added. With myopia levels rising, the Ministry of Education and the National Health Commission issued a draft guideline in August laying out measures to tackle the problem among schoolchildren.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "BEIJING - Premier Li Keqiang will attend the Summer Davos Forum in Northeast China's Dalian from June 26 to 28, Foreign Ministry spokesperson Geng Shuang announced Wednesday at a daily press briefing.  Li will address the opening ceremony, hold talks with leaders from countries including Finland and Sweden, meet some forum participants, and exchange views with representatives from fields such as business, finance, think tanks, and media outlets, Geng said.  This year's forum carries the theme \"Achieving Inclusive Growth in the Fourth Industrial Revolution.\" Around 1,500 politicians, officials,entrepreneurs, scholars, and media representatives from over 90 countries and regions will attend.  The annual event is held alternatively in the Chinese cities of Tianjin and Dalian. ", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "The spectacular large-scale theatrical production  combining high-end technology with a presentation showcasing the best of traditional Chinese culture and performing arts, debuted in Beijing on Thursday, its second run after premiering in the US in May 2017. The show has invited around 100 top artists in China to appear onstage, including the only large Chinese reed pipe player Li Hong, the Mongolian long song duo Bodi, and   (a Chinese plucked zither) virtuoso Ji Baojie.  includes live performances of the  the plucked seven-string Chinese   and the ancient Chinese harp known as  as well as acrobatics, Khoomei, shadow plays, Mongolian folk songs and even chants from  . Western elements such as orchestral music are also combined into the background music. A collaboration with Hollywood, the show\u00a1\u00afs chief direction comes from Chinese impresario Ulan Xuerong, with visual effects co-created by American expert John Hughes and French musician Eric Lattanzio. \"I felt a sense of crisis that intangible cultural heritage is fading and fewer people are engaged in these areas, so I wanted to do something meaningful, to help continue traditional Chinese culture and art,\" Ulan said. \"But only saving them is useless. It's important to continue and develop them.\",Inspired by ancient Chinese philosophy on the balance of   and  Ulan uses artists to personify these elements and narrates a story about cosmic energy, life and love.   follows the emotional entanglement between the black and white spirits that represent   and   and the flower goddess. The show uses modern visual technology to present the theme of \"love, harmony, life, balance and happiness\" through Chinese music, dance, art and history, creating a memorable experience that appeals to all the senses. Audiences may even breathe in a pleasant fragrance when flowers appear on the screen, or detect smoke during a battle scene. After receiving much acclaim for its performances in California,   is now on the second stop of its world tour in Beijing, where it is currently playing at the Beijing Exhibition Theater. According to Ulan, the show will travel to other Chinese cities such as Chengdu, Shanghai, Guangzhou and Xi'an, and later open in Russia, France and countries involved in the Belt and Road Initiative in the future. \"Intangible cultural heritage is precious, humanized and the essence of Chinese culture,\" Ulan said. \"I hope more young people and children will fall in love with the excellence of traditional Chinese culture and intangible cultural heritage arts.\"", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "BEIJING - In face of trade tensions increasingly stirred up by the United States, China has ample trade weapons loaded to return fire and protect its own interests whenever necessary, officials and economists have said. Tension between the world's two largest economies reached a new height after the US side threatened additional duties on Chinese goods worth $100 billion Thursday. China, hours later, said it will \"fight till the end at any cost\" and take \"comprehensive countermeasures.\" This has been the third round of trade fire exchange between the two economic giants, all of which were initiated by the US side. In the first two rounds, the United States slapped tariff on steel and aluminum imports from countries including China, as well as additional tariffs on Chinese imports worth $50 billion, to which China responded firmly with tariff plans of equal weight. For the latest US protectionist move, China also demonstrated full readiness to fight back \"fiercely\" with detailed countermeasures in the pipeline. \"We don't want a trade war, but we are not afraid of it,\" said China's Ministry of Commerce (MOC) Friday. Though details of the possible options were yet to be revealed, the country has hinted that all options are possible regarding the escalating situation. \"We are not taking any options off the table,\" Gao Feng, spokesperson with the MOC, said at a press briefing Friday. He Weiwen, an executive council member of the China Society for World Trade Organization Studies, said China still has many cards still up in its sleeve. Petroleum and liquid natural gas could be the possible options for future tariff hike if trade tension mounts, as China is the largest regional buyer of these US products, according to him. As the world's second largest economy, China should not be threatened by the United States, he said, noting that China's countermeasures of equal scale will produce equal effect on the United States. In the previous trade fire exchange, US products such as soybeans, automobiles, aircraft and chemical products have already been on the list of China's reciprocative tariff plan. \"I have to say that we were forced to take countermeasures, and we have reacted with restraint,\" Vice Minister of Commerce Wang Shouwen told reporters. Wang Xiaosong, a professor with Renmin University, said China's announced countermeasures have already hit the United States' tender spot, as US products like soybean and aircraft are highly dependent on the Chinese market. US soybeans sold to China account for 62 percent of its total soybean exports, with 32.85 million tons of soybeans exported to China in 2017, or 34.39 percent of China's total imports. \"With all the domestic industries united as one, China is stronger in economic resilience,\" Wang said. If trade tension escalates, China still has plenty of countermeasures at disposal and room for maneuver. Meanwhile, simulation calculations have shown that the US trade bashing will not be a threat on China, and China is fully capable of bearing the consequences brought by a trade war, according to Li Chunding, an associate research fellow at the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences. Vice Finance Minister Zhu Guangyao also reiterated earlier that China will not surrender to external pressure. \"Looking at it another way, external pressure is the driving force for innovation and development,\" Zhu said. China will continue reform and opening up, safeguard multilateral trade, and promote global trade and investment liberalization and facilitation, the commerce ministry has pledged.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Landmarks in China turned off their lights for an hour on Saturday as part of a global effort to raise awareness of threats facing planet Earth. Five cities \u00a8C Beijing, Shanghai, Shenzhen in Guangdong province, Wuhan in Hubei province and Chengdu in Sichuan province \u00a8C took part in the Earth Hour campaign and held supporting events, including photo exhibitions and eco-fairs. The theme of this year's campaign, run by the World Wildlife Fund, was \"connect to earth\", in order to bring attention to protecting global biodiversity. The Olympic Tower in Beijing switched off its lights, as did the Oriental Pearl Tower in Shanghai, along with other 20 buildings in the Bund. The Yellow Crane Tower in Wuhan also went dark, as local environmental groups and college students joined the annual bid to highlight conservation. At the Strawberry Music Festival in Wuhan, a lead singer of a rock band unplugged his electric instrument and performed the traditional Chinese musical instrument guzheng, or Chinese zither, to recognize the campaign. Lu Lunyan, deputy CEO of WWF China, said that the campaign will guide the public to think and act beyond just 60 minutes. \"We aim to make ecological and environmental protection and the future of mankind into a daily lifestyle, from attention to action, from action to habit, from habit to a culture,\" she said. Initiated by the WWF in Sydney in 2007, the event is held annually to encourage individuals, communities, and enterprises to switch off lights for one hour, from 8:30 to 9:30 pm on the last Saturday of March, as a commitment to the planet.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Beijing resident Yan Minwen, 76, spends more than 12 hours each weekend traveling to and from a village in neighboring Hebei province to give private lessons to children left in their grandparents' care. Yan began visiting Xiguanzhuang village, about 100 kilometers southwest of the capital, in March and hasn't skipped a week apart from the summer school holiday. \"I want to do something useful during retirement, and tutoring children in rural areas who lack home instruction is a good option,\" Yan said. Xiguanzhuang, in Baoding's Laishui county, was the home of Yan's grandparents, and their residential land was passed on to her when they died. On occasional visits to the village she learned that most of its young parents had gone to big cities as migrant workers to make a living, leaving their children under the care of grandparents. \"The children need instruction at home but most of their grandparents are illiterate and don't know how to help in children's education,\" Yan said. Yan studied at university and tutored her own daughter, and wanted to use that experience to do something to help. She borrowed a room in her uncle's home in Xiguanzhuang and put some secondhand desks in it. The first students began using them on March 23. Yan leaves her home in Beijing's Wangjing area at 9 am every Friday and arrives at the village around 3:30 pm after more than six hours on four different buses. \"The first two buses in Beijing are free for elderly people like me and the other two cost me a total of 11 yuan ($1.60),\" Yan said. On Friday night and Saturday, about 25 pupils gather in the room to study and do homework under Yan's guidance. \"I don't give specific lessons but instead create a good atmosphere for pupils to study and help them solve problems in homework,\" she said. The children are from different grades, ranging from primary to middle school. \"I can help deal with most of their questions in English and mathematics, but I have forgotten the knowledge of other subjects like chemistry and physics,\" she said. \"But I still have the ability to learn.\" Yan also gives psychological guidance to the children. Tang Jia, a third-grade middle school student, felt under pressure before the high school entrance examination. Her mother quit her job and returned to the village to support Tang, but without much education she didn't know how to help. She learned about Yan's study group and took her daughter along to ask for help at the end of March. \"Based on the experiences of my daughter and I in exams, I told her how to prepare for them under a good psychological state and that she should give more attention to subjects she was not good at,\" Yan said. Two hours of guidance from Yan made Tang more confident and helped her achieve a good result in the exam two months later. Yan was an automation major at the University of Science and Technology Beijing from 1960 to 1965. After graduation, she became an equipment operator at a company making aluminum products. \"Now my time is divided between tutoring private pupils in the village and teaching automation in vocational colleges in Beijing, which includes online classes and face-to-face classes,\" Yan said. She began teaching part-time at vocational colleges after retiring in 1997. Yan said some of her elderly friends had told her that her retirement seemed tiring. \"It's sometimes physically tiring, but I feel it is more fulfilling,\" Yan said. \"If I didn't do these things, I would feel the loneliness and pain all the time after losing my husband.\" Yan's husband died of pneumonia in August last year. \"It was the two of us who wanted to instruct village pupils when we saw a similar case on TV in 2015,\" she said. After her husband died, her daughter encouraged her to travel as a way to ease the pain. But Yan said the only thing she wanted to do was to go back to her ancestral home to fulfill the dream she shared with her husband. When the study group started in March, there were only 10 pupils in the room which measures less than 10 square meters. But the number of pupils can now reach close to 30, making the room crowded. \"With the number of pupils increasing, I plan to build a house on my grandparents' residential land that can hold at least 40 pupils,\" Yan said. She has already drawn a sketch of the house and plans to spend about 100,000 yuan from her savings and pension to build it. \"Other old people may find traveling a good choice after retirement,\" Yan said. \"Well, I have found my own way toward happiness in later life.\"", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "President Xi Jinping sent congratulations on Sunday to the opening of the leaders' meeting of the 31st African Union Summit in Nouakchott, capital of Mauritania. Hailing the African Union as a model of the continent's unity and self-development, Xi said the organization has actively pushed forward its integration process. Xi said member nations have continued to speak with one voice on major international and regional issues and have continued to increase their ability to safeguard peace and security. He said he hopes the African Union can guide African countries to achieve more progress. The president also said he expects to meet with African leaders during the Beijing Summit of the Forum on China-Africa Cooperation in September. He also hopes to discuss plans for China-Africa cooperation and development, thus benefiting the people of both sides and contributing to world peace and development. The FOCAC summit in Beijing is themed as win-win cooperation and joining hands to build a closer community with a shared future for China and Africa. China will work with African countries to link the theme of the summit with the joint development of the Belt and Road Initiative between China and Africa, the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development of the United Nations, the Agenda 2063 of the African Union as well as the development strategies of various African countries to push forward the China-Africa comprehensive strategic partnership to a new level, Xi added.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "BEIJING -- A Beijing political advisor has proposed that ivory carving factories be converted into non-profit research institutions to pass on the cultural heritage after China imposed an ivory trading ban at the end of 2017. The institutions can undertake repairs of ivory antiques and research and training of carving skills instead of producing carvings for commercial sale, Song Weizu, member of the Beijing Municipal Committee of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference, said at the ongoing annual meeting of the committee. \"For example, the Forbidden City has a large amount of ivory antiques that need professional repairs,\" said Song, also former vice president of Beijing Arts and Crafts Association, adding that the government should connect the institutions with cultural heritage protection organizations. China's State Forestry Administration announced that China had banned commercial processing and sale of ivory as planned by the end of 2017, a commitment to protect wild animals. The ban has affected 34 processing companies and 143 designated trading venues, all of which have suspended operations, according to the administration. \"Cultural authorities should help with the reassignment of ivory carving masters and other practitioners in the industry,\" said a 2016 document issued by the State Council. Song advised the government to assign a designated department to govern the institutions, approve their establishment, and also legitimize the inheritance of ivory carving skills. Ivory carving was listed as state-level intangible cultural heritage in 2006. It saw its peak in the Qing Dynasty (1644-1911), with Beijing in the north and Guangzhou in the south the two ivory-carving centers at that time. Carved ivory, together with cloisonne, jade and lacquerware, are considered Beijing's top four traditional artwares. \"We support the government's act to protect wild animals, however, we cannot afford to loose this intangible cultural heritage,\" Song said.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Preparations for the 2022 Olympic and Paralympic Winter Games have reached a key phase in which the construction of most venues has started and the focus has shifted to operations and management of the venues. \"Good operation of the venues is the key to ensure the Games go smoothly, \" Zhang Jiandong, a vice-mayor of Beijing and executive vice-president of the Olympic organizing committee, said on Thursday during the ongoing meetings of the 13th National People's Congress, the country's top legislative body. Zhang sees 2019 as a key year to prepare for the 2022 Winter Olympics for both Beijing and Zhangjiakou, Hebei province, the two co-hosts. \"In this year, we will operate the venues on a trial basis to know its conditions and make plans on how to equip them with appropriate facilities and equipment,\" he said. Meanwhile, the construction and renovation of venues will continue, including building ski runs and snow-making systems at an Alpine skiing center in Yanqing, a district in the city's northwestern suburbs, and renovating two major stadiums in Beijing, Zhang said. \"The center for Alpine skiing will meet the requirements for holding test competitions in October, while other venues will reach that stage next year,\" he said. Starting in February 2020, a series of 20 test events for the Winter Games will be scheduled, running through the first half of 2021. Seven of those will be held in Zhangjiakou. Zhangjiakou, which will host most snow events in 2022, has begun construction on 65 projects related to the Games, including venues and supporting infrastructure, said Wu Weidong, mayor of Zhangjiakou and an NPC deputy. To reduce the impact of changing weather on competitions, especially the ski events that are easily influenced by weather, authorities are building multiple meteorological stations in Yanqing and Zhangjiakou, to provide precise weather forecasts. \"The meteorological data will be monitored every 10 minutes and every 100 meters,\" Zhang said, adding that the work is underway as requested by the International Olympic Committee. All venues for the Games have been ordered to use clean energy, \"as we must fulfill our promise to host a green and sustainable Winter Olympics\", Zhang said.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "    A task force has been dispatched by the State Council, China's Cabinet, to check on teacher ethics and work styles in kindergartens across the country in an effort to prevent child abuse, the Ministry of Education said on Wednesday.  The State Council has required immediate punishment and rectification of any problems discovered during the inspections to prevent children from being hurt at kindergartens and ensure their safety and health, the ministry said in a notice released on its website.  The move follows reports of child abuse at the RYB Education New World Kindergarten in Beijing's Chaoyang district last week. Xiao Wen, director of Chaoyang's Education Commission and two other commission officials are being investigated for their negligence in handling the RYB case.  Investigations showed that a female teacher surnamed Liu, 22, is accused of using sewing needles to \"discipline\" children who would not sleep and Liu has been detained by police in Chaoyang, the district's public security bureau said in a release.  Also in its release, the Chaoyang public security bureau said online claims about children being collectively molested were rumors started by two women.  One woman, 31, was detained on an allegation of fabricating facts and disturbing public order. The other, 29, was given a warning and apologized on her personal social media account, police said without elaborating about the two women's identities or their motives for making the claims.  The police said the hard disk holding surveillance videos of the classroom had been damaged because of frequent forced power outages by a staff member after school, adding that police found no evidence of child abuse after viewing 113 hours of restored videos.  According to Beijing News, the Beijing Education Commission has started an inspection of the surveillance systems at all kindergartens in the city to make sure the devices are installed and functioning properly.  Regarding news reports saying a parent had claimed his child was fed unidentified white pills, the bureau said in its news release that the child's father, surnamed Gou, admitted his child had not been treated that way. Rather, it said, he had told his child to make the claim.  However, questions still remain about how police investigated the incident and made their conclusions. People are calling for more details to be released and more explanations to be made.  RYB Education Inc, the parent company of the kindergarten involved, released a letter on Wednesday apologizing and saying it didn't expect forgiveness but would upgrade its surveillance system and try to make the operation of its kindergartens \"as transparent as possible\".  China Daily - Xinhua   ", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "  Self-service stores in China's major cities have become a growing trend as online technology extends opening hours.  The country's leading home-appliance retailer, Suning Commerce Group Co Ltd, recently rolled out its third self-service outlet - this time in Beijing.  There are now Suning Biu stores in Nanjing and Shanghai, selling more than 550 different products, including sportswear, groceries and high-tech gadgets.  Facial recognition technology allows consumers to enter and leave the stores, while goods are scanned and then paid for via its applications.  This self-service format is catching on and expanding from corner shops to restaurants and even to gyms.  Of course, the transformation taking place in convenience stores has reduced labor costs and brought in round-the-clock opening hours for customers.  Crucial to making this work is the sort of facial recognition technology developed by Xiao Maipu Technology Development Co Ltd, short for Xiaomai and Face++.  Aplus Capital and Chenshan Capital have invested 125 million yuan ($18.5 million) in the Beijing-based Xiaomai. The company plans to use the funding to build up its supply chain and upgrade its products and system.  \"Staff-less stores can reduce the high costs that often keep traditional convenience stores from fast expansion and healthy revenue growth,\" said Quan Bin, deputy general manager at Xiaomai.  Most of these outlets are only 20 square meters, the size of a tiny room, and they usually sell about 600 different kinds of products.  They are all automated with just one member of staff packing shelves. In-store cameras keep an eye on shoppers, while big data analysis highlights what products are hot and what are not among customers.  \"The rate of shop lifting in staffless convenience store is about three people out of every 1,000 shoppers,\" Quan said.  Indeed, this model is being rolled out in other sectors.  Alibaba Group Holding Ltd launched Tao Cafe, a cashier-free retail store, on July 8. It uses facial and voice recognition systems.  BingoBox is another major player in the grocery industry. The Guangdong startup has ambitious plans to open 5,000 automated outlets across China in the next 12 months after receiving 100 million yuan in first round funding.  Still, at the heart of retailing, whether it is online or offline, is selecting, positioning and managing the merchandizing.  \"Online has higher efficiency while offline offers greater experience,\" said Quan.  But the rapid growth of the self-service sector has created problems leading to calls for new regulations.  The China Chain Store & Franchise Association has released a guide to self-service operations. It includes how the sector should be regulated, and covers management models, merchandize safety, food safety and post-service.  \"Without industry regulations, self-service stores could be risky for consumers,\" said Yu Jieqi, a retail consultant.  Wang Hongtao, deputy secretary general of the China Chain Store & Franchise Association, felt self-service stores had great potential.  But while improvements need to be made in the cost-sharing process and even in technology, it will be the products that define success or failure.  \"Telling a story will not help self-service stores grow,\" Wang said. \"It will be about meeting the diversified needs and demands of customers.\" ", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "    NEW YORK - In 1601, an Italian missionary named Matteo Ricci (1552-1610) entered the Forbidden City in Beijing, the Chinese imperial palace, opening a path for East-West cultural exchange that many people set foot on. Inspired by Matteo Ricci's legend, in 1986, Dionisio Cimarelli, aged 21 then, boarded a Trans-Siberian train to Beijing for the first time. \"China is one of my very old passion. Since I was a student, I was very interested in Chinese culture, Chinese art, Chinese people....so in 1986 I stopped my study in the academy and I decided to move to China for a big trip,\" said Cimarelli, who now teaches sculpture at the New York Academy of Arts. \"Matteo Ricci probably went to China to teach, but I went there primarily to understand, which was also my way to try to understand and exchange, and explain to the Chinese my culture, my education, and Chinese can teach me their own culture,\" he told Xinhua. China at that time was not yet fully open to tourism and streets of its cities were full of bikes, no busy traffic at all, he recalled. \"...in 1986, I found China a poor country, it was coming out from a very difficult time in terms of economy and culture. But in 1986 I was also able to see the beginning of the change after the opening-up,\" he said, referring to China's adoption of the policy of reform and opening to the outside world in 1978. Cimarelli returned to find a very different China in 2004 and he stayed nine years since in the booming country. \"I feel very lucky and I'm very very proud that I was able to see this change which would not only be part of China, but also part of the world change,\" he said. \"I saw huge change. From 1986 to 2004, China already changed a lot,\" he said. \"But during my nine years in China from 2004 to 2013, there was huge, enormous, amazing change. I was able to see every week the difference in Shanghai and Beijing, which I was going to very often. Continuously I saw the change,\" he said. \"I would say that in 2007 and 2008, there were the biggest changes in Beijing before the Olympic Games, I would say the change was 180 degree completely,\" he said. \"I could also see the change of people, the change of the attitude of the Chinese. They became more wealthy, they started to travel, they started to know. For the young people, they were able to do their Ph.D. in Europe and the U.S.A. So there are the enormous changes, you almost can't recognize the country, I would say,\" he said.,\"China for me was an amazing experience, incredible. That's why I was able to stay for such a long time. It is because I've always been interested and curious and have always been learning the history and the mentality of the Chinese people, to understand them,\" said Cimarelli. In Beijing, Cimarelli met Situ Jie, a renowned sculptor at the Central Academy of Arts. He was then introduced to other professors and students at the academy. In 2006, he moved to Shanghai to work for a cultural institute. Soon his expertise and experience in China caught the attention of the Italian government which commissioned him to do a sculpture of Matteo Ricci for the Italy Pavilion at the Shanghai World Expo in 2010. \"Matteo Ricci was coming very close to my hometown. What he did was a bridge between the Western culture and the Chinese culture,\" Cimarelli said. \"So when they offered me this opportunity, I was really excited, I said, of course I would do it. I tried to make it something unique, something different which could represent Italy and represent China, Chinese culture as a bridge,\" he said. Cimarelli finally created a 1.5-meter-tall bronze sculpture of Matteo Ricci adorned with gilded calligraphy. The calligraphy in fact is Cimarelli's name written in Chinese characters. It took him six weeks to model and another twelve weeks to finish the sculpture which was collected by the Shanghai Italian Center in 2013 following the expo. Life in China also transformed Cimarelli's pursuit of art, making figurative sculptures in Chinese porcelain instead of Italian ceramics. \"When I made my series of porcelain, that was probably the most important learning, because I never did any porcelain before. I was coming from a culture of ceramic, Italian ceramics, which looks similar but is completely different,\" he said. \"So porcelain for me is an understanding of the culture of China, an understanding of a way of living, an understanding of a way of working. So for me to choose porcelain is a step forward closer to the Chinese culture,\" he said.,Italy is a nation in the West with cultural ties closest to China, Cimarelli said, it is no surprise that in China the two most famous historical figures from the West are Italian -- Marco Polo (1254-1324) and Matteo Ricci. He is confident that Italy, once an important terminal of the ancient Silk Road, would play a major role in the Belt and Road Initiative proposed by China in 2013. The initiative consists of the Silk Road Economic Belt and the 21st-Century Maritime Silk Road, with an aim to build a trade and infrastructure network connecting Asia with Europe and Africa along and beyond the ancient Silk Road trade routes. Apart from the economics, Cimarelli said, the Belt and Road Initiative, just as the ancient Silk Road, serves for a deeper cause too, which is the exchange and understanding of cultures. \"I think primarily it's business. That was the same in the Middle Age when Marco Polo was travelling, that's the main purpose. But behind that, for me the culture is very important,\" he said. \"It would be like a way, a road along which you can do business with countries, but there is also cultural exchange which we need today,\" he noted. \"I think today we need more bridges than walls, we need more understanding than trying to avoid each other,\" he said. Cimarelli also expressed his hope that Europe and Asia would be soon connected by the high-speed rail that is commonly seen all over China. \"They did in China several huge projects with the train, like the one from Beijing to Lhasa (in west China's Tibet region). I really hope they can do that (between Europe and China) because that would be an amazing and incredible trip, and I would really enjoy it. I hope I will not be too old to wait for that,\" he said.", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "Alibaba's e-commerce platform Taobao has transformed three Shaxian Delicacies restaurants, the popular Chinese restaurant chain serving cuisine from Fujian province's Shaxian county and famous for its affordable prices, into cute cartoon-style places. The three restaurants, located in Beijing, Shanghai and Hangzhou, are serving food with cute animal-print tableware and are decorated with adorable dolls, cartoon-print wallpapers and tablecloths, not at all the same ambience as the more humble places they used to be. In the restaurant, customers can not only have meals but can also use the Taobao app to scan decorations or tableware to buy them online, serving as an example of Alibaba's new retail strategy.", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "SAN FRANCISCO - A possible US-China trade war could harm China's interests and undermine Chinese-American relations, particularly China's economic and trade cooperation with the US west coastal state of Oregon, Chinese Consul General in San Francisco Luo Linquan said Wednesday. In a signed article carried by the Oregonian daily, the largest one in Oregon and the oldest continuously published newspaper on the US west coast, Luo said that \"trade wars have no winners\" and the free-trade basis for China's economic cooperation with the US and Oregon may be in danger under the unilateral protectionist actions arising from US President Donald Trump administration's threat to slap 25 percent tariffs on a list of 1,300 Chinese products worth $50 billion. In response, China was forced to take countermeasures by announcing it would impose tariffs of 25 percent on 106 types of products from the United States worth $50 billion within 60 days if America's plan becomes a reality, Luo wrote. In the almost 40 years since China and the US established diplomatic relations, both countries and peoples have benefited from economic and trade cooperation. The possible trade war opens Pandora's box that \"exposes the US to the risk of retaliation,\" Luo said. \"Today, China is not only Oregon's largest export market, but also the state's largest source of international visitors,\" he added. As one of the eight states that enjoy a trade surplus to China, Oregon's exports have expanded 55 times during the past 20 years and reached $4 billion annually. He cited Oregon's Nike, the top American company of sports equipment, footwear and apparel, as an example of win-win cooperation between China and the US, saying Nike's sales in China exceed $4 billion as of 2017, accounting for 13 percent of its total global sales. Despite the trade frictions between Washington and Beijing, the door of negotiation is always open, Luo said, adding that \"China wishes to resolve trade disputes with the US through dialogue and consultation on the basis of equality and mutual respects.\"", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "        The cities of Beijing and Tianjin, along with Hebei province, will allow 144-hour visa-free entry for nationals from certain countries and regions by the end of 2017, a vice-mayor of Beijing said on Thursday. The move is part of the nation's long-term commitment to modernize and upgrade its service industry. Cheng Hong, a vice-mayor of Beijing, said the policy will extend the visa-free time for travelers from some countries who want to visit the three areas. Currently, the maximum stay in Beijing and Tianjin is 72 hours. The policy adjustment will facilitate \"the free circulation of resources\" in the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region, Cheng said. In 2016, Shanghai, joined by Jiangsu and Zhejiang provinces, took the lead in permitting 144-hour visa-free entry, which gave foreign visitors from 51 countries and regions more than enough time to travel or attend conferences in the region. Cheng made the remarks at a news conference on a comprehensive pilot plan, which the State Council promulgated in late July, to further open up the capital's service industry. Under the plan, the local authorities will reduce investment restrictions in major service sectors, including aviation, culture and arts, publication, banks, legal services, tourism and medical research and development. By streamlining regulations, Beijing expects to offer one-stop service to foreign investors considering the capital by the end of this year. Foreign investors who intend to set up a business in the city are now required to obtain about 15 licenses and certificates issued by 11 departments. The materials include an administrative license, information collection and management filings. \"Within this year, they will just need one single license,\" Chen said. \"By sharing repeated basic information among different departments and making the registration procedures available online, the whole process will only take five working days.\" For years, China has been working to shift its economy toward a growth model based on consumption, services and innovation. Describing Beijing as a testing ground for the nationwide opening-up of the service sector, Wang Shouwen, vice-minister of commerce, said: \"We can expect new progress and breakthroughs in easing market access, speeding up institutional reform and establishing supportive systems for the sector.\" In 2016, China's service sector accounted for 51.6 percent of the country's gross domestic product, up 1.4 percentage points from a year earlier, according to the National Bureau of Statistics. For Beijing alone, the added value of its service sector was around $292 billion in the same period. Contact the writers at jingshuiyu@chinadaily.com.cn", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "The long history of Chinese culture, including its development, spread and influence, is reflected in Chinese characters. On the one hand, Chinese characters are symbols that carry and spread Chinese stories and philosophies. On the other hand, they contain the aesthetic elements of the Chinese style. Chinese scholar Yu Dan, author of a best-selling book on Confucianism in China and dean of the Beijing Institute of Culture Innovation and Communication, invested a lot of time and effort in promoting traditional Chinese culture to the world. In order to arouse global interest in Chinese characters, Yu initiated \u00a1\u00b0The Beauty of Chinese Characters\u00a1\u00b1 Global Youth Design Contest in 2015. The first session was launched at UNESCO headquarters in Paris, attracting 1,250 entries from 16 countries and regions around the world. This September, the finalists for the second session of the contest were announced in Beijing. Yu shares with China Daily Website her understanding of the beauty of Chinese characters, her mission with this contest that combines Chinese characters and design, and different understanding of Chinese characters from foreign designers\u00a1\u00af perspectives. Related story:", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "More Austrian companies are getting involved in China's rapidly growing winter sports market, said Martin Glatz, commercial counselor at the Austrian embassy in Beijing. \"Austria has been trying to be very present in China in the lead up to the Winter Olympics in 2022,\" said Glatz at the Austrian Winter Sports Days 2019 Conference in Zhangjiakou, Hebei province on Friday. \"Ten years ago when we organized for the first time the Advantage Austria Ski Race, not many people took alpine skiing very seriously. But now skiing has entered the mainstream in China,\" said Glatz, who is also the head of Advantage Austria Beijing. China rolled out a national program to boost the development of winter sports after Beijing won the bid for the 2022 Winter Olympic Games. \"That's an opportunity not only for our Chinese friends to get some fresh air outside the big cities, but also is an opportunity for Austrian companies to get involved with Chinese partners to develop the market and to offer the best of equipment both in terms of consumer goods and in devices,\" Glatz added.,According to the ambitious plan released by the General Administration of Sport of China in 2016 to construct winter sports infrastructure and popularize winter sports, at least 650 skating rinks and 800 ski resorts are expected to be build nationwide by 2022. By 2025, about 300 million people in the country are expected to participate in winter sports, increasing the market value of the winter sports sector to 1 trillion yuan. Driven by multiple momentums, China has witnessed rapid growth in the winter sports industry in recent years, such as venue facilities, training, tourism and equipment sectors, said Peng Weiyong, deputy director general of Finance Department at the General Administration of Sports. Winter sports has become a booster for China's sports industry and even economic development, Peng added. By the end of June 2018, the total number of ski resorts in China rose to 738, an increase of 70 or 10.5 percent over the same period in 2017. The number of indoor ice rinks totaled 334, an increase of 75 or 29 percent year-on-year increase. In 2018, 19.7 million people participated in skiing, up 12.6 percent year-on-year.,China is by far Austria's greatest trading partner in Asia, said Friedrich Stift, Austria's ambassador to China. Bilateral trade between China and Austria reached $6.4 billion in the first eight months of last year, up 20 percent year-on-year, according to the Foreign Ministry. As of August 2018, China has approved 1,288 investment projects from Austria, with an actual investment of $2.08 billion, signed 2,263 technology import contracts with Austria, with a cumulative contract value of $6.23 billion and directly invested $880 million in Austria. \"I'm pleased that a group number of Austrian companies got the chance to take part in the construction of winter sports facilities and to provide the expertise for organizing great sports events like the Olympics,\" Stift said. \"We are trying hard to get more Austrian ski instructors and trainers to China and the greater number of Chinese winter sports tourists to Austria\". Besides winter sports, Austria is one of the most favorite travel destinations for Chinese tourists for is beautiful landscape, food and shopping. \"The growth rate, especially in winter tourism has been phenomenal the last few years,\" said Glatz. \"Winter is a season when Chinese tourists should go to Austria to experience a very different landscape from what they would see during the dry months in the summer months,\" added Glatz. The number of Chinese tourists in Australia might reach one million this year, said Stift.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Nestle China on Monday unveiled a new research & development center in Beijing and a system technology hub in Shenzhen to accelerate its trend-based innovation in the country, aiming to get closer to consumers and get products quicker to market. The new R&D center in Beijing focuses on creating new food and beverage products primarily for Chinese and Asian consumers. Nestle CEO Mark Schneider said: \"We are strengthening our local R&D capacities so that our team can work faster and more efficiently to turn great ideas into the latest must-have products for consumers in China.\" Stefan Palzer, executive vice-president and chief technology officer of Nestle, said globally Nestle rolls out 1,500 new products each year. About one-third of them are updated each year and the speed is increasing. \"In the old days, it took us about two to three years to develop a new product. Now it takes a couple of months or even weeks,\" he said. Nestle last year invested about 1.7 billion Swiss francs ($1.7 billion) in R&D. It has about 30 R&D centers worldwide. Its R&D expenditures in China have seen changes in the types of investments being made. It has invested in how to get products developed and tested quickly in the Chinese market by locating its facilities in the proximity of markets, top universities, local entrepreneurs and startup environments, as well as suppliers. The Shenzhen System Technology Hub, with locations near beverage machines and system manufacturers, allows Nestle to rapidly turn new ideas for beverage systems and components into reality. \"The new sites in China will change our way of working,\" said Palzer. He cited an example of how products can be developed only in two or three days from a new idea and tested in nearby supermarkets, receiving feedback quickly. Palzer is also impressed with the digital connections in China in terms of digital payment, food delivery model and AI. \"Bringing that (experience and know-how) to the other parts of the world is a big opportunity for us,\" he said. Safety, nutrition, taste, sustainability and affordability are basic requirements for Nestle to develop research of each new products, he said. But on top of that, \"it is about addressing the trends in China\" and get consumers excited about their products, he said, \"given the young consumers want varieties, new things each week\". Palzer also said the coffee, pet food and dairy products for middle-aged and senior people are their priorities when it comes to research, boosted by the immense market potential in the three categories. Zhu Danpeng, an independent food and beverage analyst in China, added that while the coffee market in China will keep growing over the next 10 years, pet care is entering a high-growth period, and an aging society in China brings more opportunities to companies with food products and healthcare products for senior people. Zhu said the new R&D center and hub will allow Nestle to compete with its rivals with more products and to better meet the demands from younger generations of consumers. \"As one of the world's largest food and beverage producers, Nestle manages to remain big but flexible and sensitive to the local market, constantly addressing Chinese consumer's needs accurately and efficiently.\"", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "An official of Beijing Municipal Commission of Transport said the capital plans to limit the total number of its shared bikes. Zhou Zhengyu, director of the commission, said Beijing would soon introduce guidelines for shared bike development, including requirements for parking, safety and management. Shared bike providers will be asked to set up digital fences to promote orderly parking. Beijing currently has 13 start-ups that provide bike sharing services and over 1.6 million shared bikes in use. Zhou also introduced other efforts, including cooperation with Internet firms, in building a smart transport management system, where all kinds of traffic data are collected and timely analyzed. The commission's Transportation Operations Coordination Center runs on 41 systems and real-time data collection of 6,000 items. Beijing also plans to integrate the data of 3 million parking lots onto the same platform for shared use and better management.    ", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "The information superhighway has been stretching across China from the metropolises to the rural countryside since the incumbent leadership of the Communist Party of China took office in 2012.  A series of strategies, such as Broadband China, Internet Plus and Facilitating Faster and More Affordable Internet Connection have fostered a more optimized internet infrastructure in China, which has supported the development of various network innovation modes.  Having evolved from a follower to a leader on the information superhighway, China has the following inspiring achievements related to the internet to offer to the world. Let's take a look.   The number of China's broadband users reached 315 million as of April, 79 percent or 250 million of which are optical broadband users, the highest proportion in the world, according to China's Ministry of Industry and Information Technology (MIIT).  The government is using the \"telecom universal service\" to narrow the gap between urban and rural areas on the information superhighway. In 2016, more than 30 billion yuan were invested on two batches of broadband universal service pilots to support the launch and upgrading of optical fibers in 100,000 administrative villages of 27 provincial areas.  The strength of domestic cyber security companies has improved in recent years. CAICT predicted in a report that the scale of China's information security market will reach $4.82 billion in 2019.,  China is moving to the forefront of the fifth-generation, or 5G, in mobile communication technology, with the number of 4G users exceeding 849 million as of April, according to MIIT.  Aiming to put 5G into full commercial use as early as 2020, China established the IMT-2020 (5G) Promotion Group in 2013 to coordinate the industry's efforts.  The country has established the world's largest 5G test field in Beijing's Huairou district, having technology giants such as Huawei Technologies, ZTE Corp and Qualcomm Inc participating in the test programs. Domestic telecom carriers China Telecom and China Unicom announced in June that they will achieve the pre-commercial use of 5G network by 2019. In March, China Mobile said it plans to finish the testing this year, conduct trial operations in 2018 and achieve commercial use by 2020. The China Academy of Information and Communications Technology (CAICT) predicted in a report that 5G will drive 6.3 trillion yuan ($930 billion) in economic output in China by 2030, generating 2.9 trillion yuan of economic value added and 8 million new jobs.,  China had 731 million internet users and 695 million mobile phone users by the end of 2016, according to the China Internet Network Information Center (CNNIC).,  The internet has become a driving force for China's economic development. According to a report by Tencent Research Institute, the digital economy accounted for 30.61 percent of China's Gross Domestic Product (GDP) in 2016, generating 2.8 million new jobs.  The report, Internet Trends 2017, released by dotcom star analyst Mary Meeker, said China's technology companies are leading public market wealth creation. Chinese internet giant Tencent has been ranked inside the world's top 10 most valuable brands in the 2017 BrandZ Top 100 Most Valuable Global Brands ranking.,  China's online retail sales from last December to this May exceeded 3 trillion yuan, the highest record in the same period, according to a report released by the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences. In 2016, China's online retail sales accounted for 39.2 percent of the global online retail market, continuing to be the world's largest online retail market, the Ministry of Commerce said in a report. China had 467 million online shoppers in 2016, with the online shopping penetration rate reaching 63.9 percent, according to CNNIC. Rural e-commerce and cross-border e-commerce are growing fast in China.,  From shared-bicycles to shared phone chargers, various kinds of sharing economy platforms in China created a market worth 3.45 trillion yuan in 2016, a 103 percent increase from 2015, getting more than 600 million people involved in the sharing economy activities, according to a report released by the State Information Center (SIC).  China's sharing economy has attracted investment from the world, with the total financing in 2016 reaching 171 billion yuan, up 130 percent from 2015. The sharing economy market is expected to grow by 40 percent annually, accounting for more than 10 percent of China's GDP by 2020, SIC predicted.,  Whether buying fruit from a street vendor or shopping in a luxury store, people in China are getting accustomed to no cash payment. The number of mobile payment users reached 469 million as of last December, data released by CNNIC showed.  Chinese commercial banks dealt with 9.3 billion payments from mobile banking services in the first quarter this year, a 65.7 percent increase from 2016, according to a report released by the central bank.,  China's consumers are increasingly willing to pay for online entertainment such as online game, video and livestreaming, according to the report Internet Trends 2017.  The report said China has become the world's largest video game market, surpassing the United States in video game revenue last year.  Tencent's mobile game King of Glory became the world's most lucrative mobile game in the first quarter this year, with its revenue reach 12 billion yuan, according to a report released by analysis company APP Annie. In addition, Chinese gaming companies took nine places on the top 10 income list of global iOS publishers. The online livestreaming business in China is also booming. According to CNNIC, the population of China's online livestreaming users reached 344 million as of last December.  Revenue from China's online livestreaming totaled 21.85 billion yuan in 2016, according to Tencent Research Institute. Penguin Intelligence, Tencent another research arm, said in its study that the market scale of online livestreaming in China will reach 40 billion yuan in 2018.  The big data, cloud computing and internet of things (IoT) sectors have been boosted in China.  The market value of China's big data sector reached 16.8 billion yuan in 2016, according to a report released by CAICT. And it is expected to reach 822.88 billion yuan in 2020, Guiyang Big Data Exchange said in a study. China's cloud computing industry, reaching a market size of 150 billion yuan and growing by 30 percent annually, is one of the world's fastest growing markets, according to a report by Economic Information Daily.  China is speeding up the commercial use of NarrowBand internet of things (NB-IoT) in industrial internet and urban public service and management. The world's largest-scaled NB-IoT commercial project was launched in China's Fujian province on June 19. ", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "BEIJING - On Saturday, China and the United States issued a joint statement, vowing not to launch a trade war against each other. The international community welcomed this consensus reached by the world's two largest economies. Ning Yixi, professor of finance at the University of Houston-Victoria in the US state of Texas, said US enterprises will benefit from China's huge market, which will create more jobs for the United States. Meanwhile, products and services provided to the Chinese market will become better and more diversified, which will not only benefit customers, but be conducive to creating an environment for competition, said Ning. Ning also said that China's economic development has entered a new phase of transformation after 40 years of reform and opening-up, and some of China's industries and enterprises have been showing their competitiveness in the international market. At this moment, expanding imports from the United States as well as from other countries can help build a better business environment and promote the competitiveness of China's national industries, said Ning. Former president of the Chinese American Semiconductor Professional Association Lei Junzhao said China and the United States have reached an important consensus, and the joint statement is a good beginning as it will provide opportunities for the two countries to cooperate and will benefit enterprises and customers of both sides. Bloomberg said in an article published on Sunday that trade cooperation will be enhanced in such areas as energy, agriculture, health care, high-tech products and finance. The Wall Street Journal quoted Larry Kudlow, director of the National Economic Council, as saying in a Friday interview with White House reporters that Liu He, the Chinese vice-premier and head of the Chinese delegation, impressed Washington officials. The vice-premier is \"a smart guy, a market guy,\" Kudlow said. The agreement reached by China and the United States to abandon a trade war is not only in the interest of the two nations, but also of the whole world. Today, China's economic development has become fully integrated into the process of global economic development and the two are inseparable, said Dmitry Abzalov, head of the Russian Center for Strategic Communications. Swai Visavanant, senior researcher from Thailand at Chulalongkorn University's China Study Center, said he welcomed the joint statement on the China-US trade talks, which would likely create a favorable atmosphere in global trade.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Co-organized by Beijing Housing Service Corporation for Diplomatic Missions affiliated with Beijing Diplomatic Service and the Palace Museum, more than 110 people including ambassadors, high-level diplomats and their family members from Spain, Cameroon, Samoa, Tajikistan, Chile Jamaica and other countries were invited to discover the beauty and historic significance of the Palace Museum in Beijing on April 16, 2018. Museum director Shan Jixiang delivered the keynote speech, welcoming the foreign guests and sharing his stories of the museum, which has a profound history of almost 600 years. In Shan's speech, he discussed the Palace Museum's effective practices and rich experiences in terms of exhibitions, services, facilities, the development of cultural creative products, the digital Imperial Palace and environmental protection. The curator also said that to better museum work, confidence in Chinese culture should be strengthened, as cultural confidence can serve as a driving force to help museums grow and prosper and make cultural relics \"come to life\". Martin Mpana, Cameroonian Ambassador to China, expressed his gratitude for inviting so many diplomats to the museum.,\u00a1\u00b0It is really a golden opportunity for foreign friends to visit and get a deeper understanding of the renowned Imperial Palace. The speech has shown us a brand-new Palace Museum and provided a better understanding of Chinese culture.\u00a1\u00b1 Under the guidance of Shan, foreign diplomats have toured several classic scenic spots including Jianfu Palace, Xiehe Gate, Taihe Gate, Zhonghe Gate, Baohe Gate, Cining Palace and Shoukkang Palace. They have also visited shops that sell cultural and creative products. Currently, Palace Museum has developed over 9,100 cultural products, with an annual sales volume exceeding one billion yuan ($158.4 million). \u00a1\u00b0I really like those products, as they are symbols of ancient Chinese culture. I can buy lots of gifts here for my friends in my home country as the prices are not that high,\u00a1\u00b1 said Irena Skardziuviene, Minister Counselor of the Embassy of the Republic of Lithuania.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "An intercity railway linking Beijing and the Xiongan New Area will start construction in March, the Beijing News reported Monday, citing a report by China Railway Design Corp. The construction of the 92.783-kilometer intercity line, with a total investment of 33.38 billion yuan ($5.22 billion), is scheduled to last for two years and be completed in Feb 2020, the report said. The line will start from Liying Railway Station in Beijing's Daxing district, pass through Beijing's new airport, and terminate at Xiongan Railway Station in Xiongxian county. According to the report, the Beijing-Xiongan intercity rail line will be divided into three sections: Beijing West Railway Station-Liying Railway Station, Liying Railway Station-Beijing's new airport, and Beijing's new airport-Xiongan. The design speed of the Liying-Beijing's new airport line is set at 250 kilometers per hour, while the Beijing's new airport-Xiongan line is 350 kilometers per hour. Meanwhile, the Beijing-Xiongan intercity line will stop at five stations, including three new added stations: Gu'an East station, Bazhou North station and Xiongan station. China announced plans in April 2017 to establish the Xiongan New Area about 100 kilometers southwest of Beijing. It covers Hebei's Xiongxian, Rongcheng and Anxin counties. A transportation plan showing how the Xiongan New Area will link with Beijing, Tianjin and other areas in Hebei province was unveiled, China Central Television earlier reported. According to the plan, four north-south high-speed railway lines and two east-west routes will pass through Xiongan. Besides railways, the network map also includes seven expressways that will connect the new area to regions near and far.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "China will use fiscal policy to optimize economic structures this year, Minister of Finance Liu Kun said on Sunday at the China Development Forum 2019 in Beijing. \"While the proactive fiscal policy will moderately expand domestic demand, it will stick to the main task of supply-side structural reforms,\" Liu said. He said the world's second-largest economy is now tackling difficulties in optimizing economic structures to achieve high-quality growth, a process in which fiscal policies play an important role. On one hand, the country will use taxation and other fiscal policies to facilitate the clearing-up of overcapacity in more industries and the displacement of market entities of low competitiveness with vigorous ones, Liu said. On the other hand, he said, government investment in basic research and public scientific activities will continue to increase, which could direct social capital and resources into strategic key areas. The central government's budget for science and technology is set at 354.3 billion yuan ($52.8 billion) this year, up 13.4 percent year-on-year, according to the ministry. The authorities will also continue to expand infrastructure investment and optimize its structure, aiming to boost the supply of services, such as education and medical care, as well as to support the new energy vehicle industry. Michael Spence, a professor at New York University and the winner of the 2001 Nobel Prize in economics, said at the forum that the Chinese government's investments have supplemented the deficiency in private sector investments. Spence said government investments will only be sustainable and reasonable when a country adopts the right policies to ensure economic growth. Apart from facilitating supply-side structural reforms, Liu pledged this year's plan would \"notably reduce\" the tax burden on manufacturers. China has announced a plan to reduce tax and fee burdens on enterprises by nearly 2 trillion yuan this year. According to Liu, tax cuts will represent about 70 percent of the total cut, while the rest will come from reductions in social insurance contributions and administrative fees. \"The focus will be reducing the tax burden on the manufacturing sector and micro and small enterprises,\" he said. Manufacturers will see a notable decrease in their taxes, as the value-added tax cuts, which take effect on April 1, will reduce the VAT rate of manufacturing and other industries by 3 percentage points to 13 percent. Moreover, tax reduction and exemption policies for micro and small enterprises took effect on Jan 1, benefiting more than 95 percent of all corporate taxpayers in China, Liu said. \"For the next step, we will roll out policies as soon as possible to ensure the tax and fee cuts will be put into place, and make market entities - especially small and micro enterprises - really feel the benefits,\" he said. As the tax and fee cut plan and downside pressure entail slower fiscal revenue growth this year, the country does face challenges of maintaining the balance between spending and revenue, Liu said. However, he said that local governments raising debts in \"hidden ways\" - which typically involves violations of laws or rules - will be strictly forbidden to contain risks.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "To mark Teachers' Day, the sports-themed movie  was screened at Beijing Bayi High School. The film, based on the real-life story of a middle-school girls' football team in South China's Hainan province, is about their harsh training and how they won the Gothia Cup in Sweden from 2015 to 2017. Huang Jun, the president of the Beijing-based Children's Film Studio, says the movie marks the studio's return to making films for children after a decade. The studio, founded in 1981, is China's only film company to produce live-action movies for children and teenagers. Besides, it has also worked on translating and dubbing foreign movies for children. Huang also says that the studio assigned six scriptwriters to interview those involved with the team. Replying to question about the standard of the films produced, Huang says: \"To be honest, we have yet to become world class.\" Meanwhile, Zhong Hai, the film's director, says he used drones to shoot some scenes, and recruited some members of the team to act in the movie. The movie may not be released in Chinese mainland theaters, but the producers plan to screen it in primary and middle schools and expect it to be seen by around 100 million students. The screenings, which began on Sept 10, will run for at least the next three months.", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "The launch of documentary   and a book of the same name kicked off in Beijing on Thursday. Zhang Jinlai, or Liu Xiao Ling Tong,actor of the iconic character Monkey King, is the chief director of the documentary. It will present beautiful scenery and historical sites along Chinese monk Xuanzang's historic route from Xi'an to India. Moreover, referring to the shooting route of TV series   and scholars' advice, the production team has integrated their insights on the culture of the classical novel   and Xuanzang's spirit. The first season of the documentary will be on TV soon. Foreign TV channels in India, Malaysia and Japan will also rebroadcast it.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "  Chu Yan, the chief costume designer for leaders of the 2014 APEC meeting, released her new creations during the China Fashion Week in Beijing on Tuesday night.  A total of 45 outfits graced the runway at Beijing Hotel, featuring both traditional Chinese styles and creations with exotic twists, presenting the celebrated designer's endeavor to revive traditional Chinese clothes and to bridge Eastern and Western tastes in the international fashion scene.,  The 30-minute show, themed  included three series: a travel series filled with bohemian chic, a collection of everyday wear highlighted with minimalism and simplicity, and formal dresses that fused Eastern and Western tastes. From fabrics to pattern designs, the new creations were inspired by Chu's travel along the ancient Silk Road. Starting from Xi'an - one of China's ancient capitals widely known for the Terra Cotta Warriors, she traveled to countries including Nepal, India and Italy, and was impressed by the clothing styles in different cultures \u00a8C no matter if it's Indian, Arabic or European. Then she used fabrics and patterns collected along the journey and blended them with the finest Chinese silk to present different temperament and charm of various cultures.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "      Swire Properties is working closely with the annual Beijing Music Festival, supporting and sponsoring high-quality cultural performances in its venues around the capital city. Due to the close collaboration between BMF and Swire Properties, more and more classical music, high-art performances and creative works have come to Beijing. All these have made Swire Properties' Taikoo Li Sanlitun a genuine Beijing cultural landmark, and have allowed the public to experience creative arts and music. A Chinese saying goes, while it is easy to relieve one's frustrations by turning to music, it is extremely challenging to find a bosom friend to share that music with. However, BMF is lucky to have many companions to share in its common visions and values, and Swire Properties is one of its most outstanding companions. BMF and Swire Properties first began working together in 2010. A key early performance the two have hosted is renowned pianist Li Yundi's master class in The Orange venue at Sanlitun Village, which was renamed as Taikoo Li Sanlitun in 2013. Li played his favorite pieces by composer Chopin, offered a critique to piano students from various musical institutions and answered questions about his music career and performances. The master class was broadcast directly outside The Orange via an LED screen, allowing many more passersby to witness the masterful performance.,  According to Swire Properties, BMF commits itself to bringing high-quality music and art experiences to all audiences, which perfectly matches its commitment to building communities. With its long-standing commitment to building communities, Swire Properties transforms neighborhoods and connects them to the latest developments in art, shopping, music and culture. By collaborating with BMF, the fashion landmark of Beijing Taikoo Li Sanlitun has also gained a more profound cultural appeal. Yu Long, the artistic director of BMF, said: \"We share the same vision with Swire Properties in building and enriching the cultural life in Beijing's communities. \"By presenting BMF performances as well as major community and educational outreach events in Taikoo Li Sanlitun, we make music and contemporary lifestyle interact, while BMF becomes closer to the heart of Beijing's cultural life.\" Yu said Sanlitun's fashionable and energetic atmosphere endorses BMF. He said he hoped that the cooperation would strengthen in the future and that Swire Properties can play a more important role in connecting art and life in the city. BMF will help more and more music lovers to enjoy international concerts in China, according to Yu.,Having achieved great success from their very first collaboration, BMF and Swire Properties have proactively strengthened their long-term cooperation in many different art fields. Since 2010, BMF has organized numerous cultural activities and performances at Taikoo Li Sanlitun, covering diverse genres. In 2011, BMF launched its Urban Series music program in collaboration with Swire Properties. By introducing contemporary and dynamic performances, the series has attracted new, young audiences to the renowned festival, and promoted arts and culture as essential elements of an urban lifestyle. With the successful hosting of many performances, the Urban Series has brought increasingly fresh experiences for audiences, including Ju Percussion Group's concert; a musical conversation program hosted by renowned singers Cui Jian and Luo Dayou, and conductors Tan Dun and Yu Long; the Ukulele Orchestra of Great Britain's Also Sprach Zarathustra, an adapted version from Richard Strauss' symphonic masterpiece. Since last year, mini operas have also been performed on stage at Taikoo Li Sanlitun. After making a great sensation with Don Giovanni in 2016, Silent Opera comes back this year to debut Czech composer Leos Janacek's The Cunning Little Vixen, which has won unanimous praise. Muziektheater Transparant presented La Voix Humaine, a one-act opera by French contemporary composer Francis Poulenc, treating the audience to a midnight in Paris experience as they enjoyed the touching story.,Differing from other sponsors, Swire Properties is also BMF's venue partner. In 2012, for the first time, BMF presented a large number of its concerts in a creative new venue\u00a3\u00adThe Orange in Taikoo Li Sanlitun. On Aug 3, 2015 when the 18th BMF convened its news conference, The Red venue, in Taikoo Li Sanlitun North was officially unveiled. By making the young, fashionable Taikoo Li Sanlitun its home, high art has naturally spread widely and deeply, becoming a part of people's daily life. The move reflects what Liu Suola, a renowned musician and composer, said, that art should not be treated like antiques kept in museums, but should be modern and charming, and should blend right in with the fast-paced urban lifestyle. BMF has begun to work alongside INDIGO, Swire Properties' second development near Beijing's 798 art district. The two parties have created a public benefit \"family weekend\", which allows more local families to come into contact with high art.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "A symposium on cross-Straits relations and national rejuvenation was held on Monday morning in Beijing. About 100 people from across the Taiwan Straits attended the meeting, including Liu Jieyi, head of the State Council Taiwan Affairs Office and Hung Hsiu-chu, former chairwoman of the Kuomintang party. The symposium was co-organized by the Center for the Study of Cross-Straits Relations in the mainland and the Chinese Cyan Geese Peace Education Foundation in Taiwan. The participants reached a positive consensus and put forward joint initiatives through dialogue and consultation, the mainland's Taiwan Affairs Office said in a statement on Monday. Both sides should join hands to achieve national rejuvenation, and in the process of national rejuvenation Taiwan compatriots should not and will not be absent, the statement read. The two sides agreed adhering to the 1992 Consensus, the one-China principle and opposing \"Taiwan independence\" are the political foundation for the peaceful development of cross-Straits relations, it said. They called on people from both sides to cherish and consolidate this foundation, strengthen exchanges and consultation and jointly safeguard overall peace and stability. According to the statement, the mainland will continue to share development opportunities with Taiwan compatriots and actively institutionalize cross-Straits economic cooperation so as to increase people's sense of gain, honor and happiness. Cultural exchanges and the communications between young people on both sides will continue to be strengthened. Hung Hsiu-chu, the former chair of the KMT, led a delegation from various circles in Taiwan to visit Beijing from Sunday to Wednesday.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Turkmenistan's first visa center in China opened Wednesday in Beijing to supplement the traditional visa application process at the embassy, as the country grasps tourism opportunities brought by the Belt and Road Initiative. The visa center was established to boost cultural and economic exchanges between China and Turkmenistan, further enhancing their cooperation in various fields. In the past, trade between Turkmenistan and China was mainly focused on oil because of the former's abundant natural resources. With the launch of the Belt and Road Initiative, the ancient Central Asian country is also able to benefit from China's booming tourism market. \"Last year, fewer than 20,000 Chinese tourists traveled from China to Turkmenistan. There is huge market potential. The newly established visa center offers more convenience to travelers, serving as a bridge between China and Turkmenistan,\" said You Xiangdong, general manager of Beijing Shuangxiong Foreign Service Co, the operator of the visa center. You noted that the Turkmen government is very optimistic about the Chinese market. \"This year, three groups of officials from Turkmenistan's tourism bureau went to China to tackle the tourism market. We are now working on a plan to gather efforts from both Chinese and Turkmen governments and travel agencies to open up the market.\" According to You, in the initial stages, the company plans to invest roughly 6 million yuan ($886,000) per year into the program, and leading travel agencies from China and Turkmenistan will also get involved. Xing Xiaoliang, a tourism analyst at Beijing-based internet consultancy Analysys International, said: \"The Belt and Road Initiative promotes China's outbound tourism to a large extent, bringing new destinations. Many travel agencies have already launched related tourism products.\" \"In contrast to countries and regions that are part of the Maritime Silk Road, such as Thailand, Turkmenistan, which belongs to the continental Silk Road, offers tourists different cultural and consumer experiences, fully satisfying their curiosity. \"For Turkmenistan, the infrastructure construction, products and services related to local tourism are at a primary stage. There is plenty of room for growth,\" Xing said. ", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "In 2015, Zhang Chaofan declined the offer of postgraduate study from Beijing Technology and Business University and set up a calligraphy and painting school in her hometown Changchun, capital of Jilin province. In the past three years, she has provided free lessons to more than 200 disabled children, autistic children and children in poor families.,Zhang, 26, was born without left forearm but her constant drive to become stronger has moved lots of people. \"I felt humiliated when children around me laughed at me,\" she said. \"The painting pen became my only friend.\",When she was 7-year-old, she was encouraged by her grandmother to learn speed skating, which seemed as an impossible mission for a little girl who couldn't walk steadily. \"I don't know how many times I fell on the ice,\" she said. \"When I became the champion of the provincial 800-meter speed skating, I decided to in control of my life.\",Therefore, she started living life like a non-disabled person and became a self-confident girl. After graduating from the university in 2015, she decided to open a calligraphy and painting school to help more children realize their dreams.,\"It was really hard at the beginning, but I persisted and achieved success,\" Zhang recalled. \"More and more children were attracted to my school and when they get good scores, I feel quite happy because I know they have come closer to their dreams.\"", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "Canadian scholar and advocate of Confucianism Daniel A. Bell receives the Huilin Cultural Award. Wang Kaihao reports. His Chinese name is Bei Danning, which is based on the pronunciation of his English name, but it also indicates \"simplicity and tranquility\" in Mandarin, paying homage to ancient Chinese sages. Daniel A. Bell is the dean of the School of Political Science and Public Administration at Shandong University in Jinan, a rare post on the Chinese mainland for foreigners. Still, the Canadian political theorist and philosopher, who's best known for his studies on China, wants to be treated by locals as a \"Chinese\". Not to mention that he is married to one. \"It's about culture, not race,\" Bell, 54, says in Mandarin during a recent visit to Beijing Normal University. \"If foreigners who are not of Chinese ethnicity can come to appreciate that learning about Chinese culture is not just a hobby or a skill to help in business, but a matter of identity,\" he says, \"then it can enrich our minds and fundamentally change the way we lead our lives.\" In late January, he received the Huilin Cultural Award, an annual prize of Beijing Normal University given to both Chinese and foreign scholars who make extraordinary contributions to Sino-foreign cultural communication. \"That (shared culture) was a traditional understanding of what it means to be a Chinese,\" Bell says. \"It will be healthy for both China and the rest of the world to revive it and reinterpret it in modern times.\" He credits the open-mindedness to history\u00a3\u00adChina embraced people from overseas as early as in the Tang Dynasty (618-907). \"Some of the values in mainstream Chinese culture had been deliberately marginalized since the 19th century for bad reasons,\" he explains. \"It was just because China then didn't have as much economic and political power as Western countries, and these values were viewed (by the West) as maverick,\" he says. \"But they should be promoted for social and philosophical reasons as China's economic and political power is rising nowadays.\" Born in Montreal and educated at McGill and Oxford, Bell, an advocate of Confucianism, has continued research on that ancient Chinese philosophy in the past 20 years or so by visiting and teaching at institutions such as Princeton University in the United States, Tsinghua University in Beijing, the National University of Singapore and the University of Hong Kong.,In 2016, he accepted the invitation from the university in Shandong province, the original center of Confucianism. The province's Qufu city was the birthplace of Confucius, a philosopher and educator of the Spring and Autumn Period (770-476 BC). Bell says while there has been a growing interest among foreigners in learning the Chinese language, most of them are doing so for business. And, now, when China is making efforts to revitalize its cultural self-confidence, he wants to help people more comprehensively understand this country. \"As a known Canadian philosopher on comparative politics, he has focused on the studies of Confucianism and has written many treatises on Chinese culture and social politics,\" says Wang Song, deputy director of the education, science, culture and healthcare department at the State Administration of Foreign Experts Affairs. Wang attended the award ceremony at Beijing Normal University in January. According to Wang, Bell's works have been published in 23 languages. \"He has sincere emotions about Chinese culture,\" Wang says. \"His in-depth studies have made an extraordinary contribution to help our culture go global.\" Bell says he does not know if he deserved the prize but adds that a lot of work remains to be done in this field. He points to the difficulties of promoting Chinese culture overseas. \"Promotion of sophisticated forms of Chinese culture is a long-term project,\" he says. \"If it becomes vulgarized and homogenized, we will have failed at our task.\" Bell does not want to scratch the surface. So he has picked an angle, which is less metaphysical but probably more challenging as well. In his book, The China Model: Political Meritocracy and the Limits of Democracy, which was first published in 2015, he favors China's meritocracy, which echoes ideas in Confucianism, over the one-person one-vote system in selecting a country's political leaders. He has faced criticism from some Western scholars, probably because his statement differs from what they have taken for granted. \"I think it's a problematic view to think there is only one legitimate way to select political leaders,\" Bell says. \"There are different possibilities, decided by the country's size, history and the public's needs.,\"Meritocracy is where mainstream political culture is in China, which is large and complex.\" Consequently, he emphasizes the importance for the modern world to \"respect the differences\". \"I don't think any philosophy per se can solve problem,\" he says. \"But values in Confucian traditions are helpful to think of issues more efficiently.\" For example, according to traditional Confucianism, social relations should be in a form of peaceful order, and diversity coexists with harmony. He believes these ideas can resonate among many cultures. He hails China's efforts to cut poverty and improve this kind of harmony. And, for foreigners who want to know fundamentals of Chinese politics today, he still recommends \"classics\" first. \"Most of the greatest works were done in the Spring and Autumn Period,\" he says. \"It's important to read (Confucian) classics starting with Confucius, Mencius and Xunzi.\" Both Mencius and Xunzi were followers of Confucianism in the later Warring States Period (475-221 BC). \"But it should also include their critics like the so-called legalists as well as other mainstream schools. The books are still on the subjects we need today.\" Separately, speaking of the revival of traditional culture in China in recent years, which has led to Confucian institutions and academies mushrooming all over the country, Bell thinks the trend is positive as long as \"there are different interpretations\". \"It will be bad to say 'This is what Confucianism means, and other interpretations are disallowed',\" Bell says. \"It's a good thing if there are more diverse expressions of Confucianism and other Chinese philosophies flowering all over China.\"", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Chinese ride-hailing juggernaut Didi Chuxing is now targeting AI and smart transportation innovation, as part of its broader efforts to build a comprehensive mobility platform as well as become a smart transportation solutions provider. Cheng Wei, founder and CEO of Didi, said Thursday at a smart transportation summit in Beijing that the company would spend more resources to further cooperate with 10 cities domestically on smart transportation development. \"Didi will not only build a comprehensive mobility platform to connect passengers and drivers, but also aims to become a smart transportation solutions provider in the future. We will try to set transportation evaluation standards and build smart transportation model cities that will be recognized globally.\" Currently, the Beijing-based firm provides a full range of app-based transportation options for over 450 million users, including taxi, express, premier, car rental, enterprise and bike-sharing services. With over 21 million drivers and car owners, the platform offers 25 million daily rides. Last year, Didi set smart transportation as a new strategic direction, offering a wide range of smart transportation products and services for 20 cities nationally, such as smart traffic lights and reversible lanes, to relieve traffic jams. Didi said its long-term goal was to explore a way forward toward sustainable development for urban transportation. Cheng believed we would embrace an intelligent, shared and new energy future in terms of transportation vehicles. \"In the next 10 and 20 years, transportation will transform into an integrated system that enables a central smart city brain to serve drivers, car owners, passengers as well as the entire city.\"", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "  ScientistIn has been bridging the gap between researchers and companies seeking new technologies in Jiaxing, a city in East China's Zhejiang province, since 2016. \"Difficulties can arise from the fact that many manufacturers don't have effective access to such science professionals, meaning they have to search very hard and take on high costs,\" said Zhi Qiang, who runs the online platform. \"Many scientists are conducting good research in institutions and universities, but often don't know how they can put their academic findings into practice,\" Zhi said. \"Only a fraction of the scientists have started their own businesses with their findings, though the country has been encouraging them to combine their academic work with business.\" With big data technologies, ScientistIn is able to track every update of the registered scientists' academic work. When a registered company announces its need for technical solutions, the platform will send the request to the most suitable scientists. As such, the platform improves the efficiency of cooperation between scientists and companies, according to Zhi. He holds a public af air management PhD from Beijing-based Tsinghua University. The platform has a vast online database of scientists and experts from around the world, who are mostly Chinese. More than half of the researchers are active on the ScientistIn platform, according to Zhi. His company has also helped Zhejiang to formulate a talent map of local scientists and experts, including their locations and subjects of study.   ScientistIn is one of the dozens of companies that have been incubated by the Yangtze River Delta Region Institute of Tsinghua University, based in Jiaxing, according to Zhang Haige, vice-president of the institute. Supported by the Zhejiang provincial government and Tsinghua University, the institute was founded in 2003. Many Chinese universities have established such institutes to better serve the local economy, but the Jiaxing-based one differs from the others partly because it doesn't rely on government financing, Zhang said. \"It has been adopting a market-oriented model. We receive funds from investors, with which we can invest in incubating startups, so that we can receive dividends,\" Zhang said. Contact the writer at zhulixin@chinadaily.com.cn", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Experts and policymakers from China and ASEAN countries shared experiences and insights on building eco-friendly cities during the 2019 ASEAN-China Environmental Cooperation Week held in Beijing last week. Somphone Khongsab, from the Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment of Laos, shared their work in raising public awareness of greenhouse gas emissions, and the research they have done about Laos climate change policies. Khongsab said that they are looking to start more cooperation with relevant institutions and groups to tackle climate change. Climate change has also affected Myanmar by causing extreme weather and more floods and droughts in the area, said Kyaw San Naing, director of the Environmental Conservation Department, Ministry of Natural Resources and Environmental Conservation of Myanmar. She also noted that the Myanmar government has rolled out a national strategy and action plan designed to realize sustainable development. After the seminar, representatives visited the Beijing Planning Exhibition Hall where they saw the history of Beijing's urban planning and the city's philosophy of advancing environmentally friendly practices. The 2019 ASEAN-China Environmental Cooperation Week started March 25 and has five seminars on national ASEAN-China cooperation, including topics such as focal points for environmental cooperation, eco-friendly cities, operational and technical issues in environmental information sharing, and climate change policies and actions.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "US home-sharing platform Airbnb has suspended a plan to provide lodging on the Badaling Great Wall in Beijing amid concerns that it could damage the ancient structure. The company said on Tuesday that it will not move forward with the original plan out of respect for public opinion, though the event\u00a3\u00adknown as Night at the Great Wall\u00a3\u00adhad been given a nod by relevant parties. The company said it does not want to distract from the goal of enhancing \"human connections\", but didn't say if the event will be held somewhere else nearby. But the cultural commission in Beijing's Yanqing district\u00a3\u00adwhich oversees the Badaling Great Wall\u00a3\u00adreleased a statement on Monday saying it was not aware of the event and no approval had been given. The commission said it does not support such activities as they don't help conserve cultural heritage. It cited several laws and rules on the protection of cultural relics. The event caused an uproar after Chinese netizens voiced concerns about potential damage to the ancient military fortification. The company first revealed the event on its website on Thursday. It offered overnight lodging in September for one Airbnb user and a companion in a \"room\" transformed from a torch tower on the Badaling Great Wall. The room would be equipped with a bathroom, the company said. The company has held similar activities in a number of countries, including on a reef in the Great Barrier Reef in Australia, and the Dracula Castle in Romania.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Of the top 20 cities with least-affordable housing relative to income, seven are in Asia and six are in Latin America, according to the Bloomberg Global Housing Affordability Index. The Venezuelan capital, Caracas, tops the list. In a city where the average monthly pay packet is just $31, it costs $416 to rent a three-bedroom property, while mortgage payments on a 93 square-meter residence average out at $1,971 per month. The Bloomberg index calculates the affordability of renting or buying in 105 global and regional financial centers. Rankings are based on self-reported data, including net salary and mortgage interest rates. Let's take a look at the top 10 cities with least-affordable housing in the world. No 10 Shanghai,No 1 Caracas,No 9 Beijing,No 8 Rio de Janeiro,No 7 Moscow,No 6 Bogota,No 5 Buenos Aires,No 4 Mumbai,No 3 Hanoi,No 2 Kiev", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": " Sept 1 - 7 pm : Shanghai Expo Culture Center Fans will be able to see WWE Superstar Ronda Rousey make her in-ring debut in the country, as well as Roman Reigns, Seth Rollins, Braun Strowman, Nia Jax, Sasha Banks, Alexa Bliss, Finn Balor, Jinder Mahal, Matt Hardy, Bray Wyatt and many more. \"We are excited to return to Shanghai, demonstrating WWE's commitment to our passionate and growing fan base in China,\" said Jay Li, Vice President & General Manager, WWE Greater China. \"Fans can look forward to seeing an action-packed night of family-friendly entertainment that will create lifelong memories.\" WWE programming, including Raw and SmackDown, airs live on PP Sports every Tuesday and Wednesday. Fans can also subscribe to WWE Network on PP Sports which showcases WWE's monthly live events and groundbreaking original series, including NXT and 205 Live; reality shows, such as Total Divas; documentaries; and classic matches from WWE's storied history. : Sept 16 - 3 pm : Mercedes-Benz Arena, Shanghai Stars on Ice, The most popular figure skating show in the world, was founded in 1986, USA. There are over 1500 shows played globally for 32 years. 14 world class athletes and more than 6 Olympic medalists participated in each performance, which with superb skating skill and artistic expression. Evgeni Plushenko, the most popular ice star in the world. Zhenya Medvedeva, the Russian figure skating goddess. Yuzuru Hanyu, the super figure skating star of Japan. Nathan Chen, the most talented American born Chinese, Chen Lu, Chinese first world champion, Shen Xue/Zhao Hongbo, the first Olympic champion of pair in China, and Pang Qing/Tong Jian, the Chinese figure skating couple stars. They had been invited to show on the stage of Stars on Ice globally. To respect the 3rd anniversary on success of the 2022 Beijing Winter Olympic Games. The show of Shanghai will be specially set up for the Olympic classic programs, the stars will present the splendid Olympic classics they have shown. : July 28 - 7:30 pm : Blue Note Beijing The Little Dream, the title track of Cuban pianist and composer Alfredo Rodri guez's fourth studio album, gently builds into an uplifting statement - one that reflects the hope children hold in building a brighter future, where tiny dreams manifest into grandiose realities. There is no better example of this than Rodri guez's own personal journey: from his humble beginnings in Cuba to being discovered by Quincy Jones, ultimately leaving his family behind to immigrate to the United States and pursue his own dream. Rodri guez has become a Grammy-nominee with three critically acclaimed releases. Over the years, Rodri guez's worldwide tours have shaped his diverse global point of view. \"I believe people are more similar than different. We live in a time where we have so many ways to inform ourselves, and yet some places - and people - choose to remain isolated. As a result, the world can lack peace and empathy, instead of showing unity and tolerance.\" : July 29 - 9 pm : Yuyintang Livehouse, Shanghai Straight out of Stockport, England, Kashmere merges anthemic, stadium-sized indie rock, with a cut of melodic brooding synth pop to create their own unique form of sonic worth. Formed by Joey Newey and Andy Law, on vocals/guitar and drums, as well as lead guitarist Charlie Cole and bassist Freddie Hughes. The band gained recognition after long-awaited debut single \"Blow Your Mind\" springing the band into the limelight in the summer of 2016. Followed by a string of successful singles including 2017 festival favorite \"Porcelain\". Kashmere have made their mark on 2018 from the start with their epic and ridiculously catchy release \"Codeine\". : July 28-Sept 2 - 10 am : PIFO New Art Gallery, Beijing PIFO Gallery is delighted to present the annual exhibition Abstract Art already in its 11th iteration. This year the gallery brings together artists from China and Germany. Germany has an extraordinarily strong tradition in painterly abstraction, since its founding moment after 1945, leading up to the founding of documenta, Kassel and beyond. Consequently artists from Germany have been a source of reference for many Chinese artists. The highly influential artist Tan Ping studied in Germany in the early 1990. His paintings are juxtaposed with works by Bernard Schultze and Karl Fred Dahmen, who are to be found in all major museums and private collections in Germany. PIFO Gallery is proud to be the first gallery to present their paintings in China. In essence, the exhibition can be understood as a pilot of sorts for an ongoing investigation into abstraction as contemporary artistic practice on a global scale. : July 28 - 2 pm : Ullens Center for Contemporary Art, Beijing Following the Sing and Dance series, UCCA presents screenings of four National Theatre Live productions in July and August. Hamlet features Benedict Cumberbatch as the protagonist of Shakespeare's classic tragedy. The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night Time has been hailed by The Times as \"a phenomenal combination of storytelling and spectacle.\" The great playwright Arthur Miller confronts the American dream in the dark and passionate tale A View from the Bridge. The London National Theatre calls the National Theatre's production of the Follies \"not only a triumph, but a transcendence.\" : July 28 - 8 pm : Soi Baochao, Beijing Ember Swift is a Canadian musician and songwriter who has released 12 albums and one DVD project since 1996 through her own independent label Few'll Ignite Sound. Her most recent album Sticks & Stones in 2017 is a collection of work in three categories: Songs for Adults, Songs for Kids, and finally Songs for Adults with Kids, a community she feels deserves some separate recognition. This new body of work culminated over the past five years since becoming a mother of two in 2012 and 2013, respectively. This is Ember's third release since moving to Beijing in 2008 and it demonstrates how music can serve as a bridge between the two divergent cultures. Fluent in Mandarin and French, Ember sings in all three languages, including English. With the inclusion of the Chinese traditional instrument erhu alongside of Western contemporary instruments, the performance and sound are both entertaining and unique.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Discover the best things to do in Beijing in March with our roundup of art, music, performances and activities around town. To recommend an upcoming event or activity, please contact  An exhibition underway at the National Art Museum of China showcases works of Asian artists, portraying the modern spirit of Chinese culture, the artistry of different parts of Asia and the shared cultural origins of Asian countries.  features 130 artworks by 120 artists from 41 countries in Asia, covering art forms ranging from ink and oil paintings to prints and sculptures.,With the development of technology, especially artificial intelligence, some say the boundaries between humans and machines have begun to fade. They may wonder what makes humans special in the first place? Will humans maintain advantage or will people become slaves to machines in the future? To offer insights into these questions, an international cross-disciplinary conference will gather some of the brightest minds in Beijing this weekend, exchanging ideas on the development of AI, as well as its influence on music, business and people's lives. Learn more  .,Lisa Ono is famous for her bossa nova music. The Japanese-Brazilian singer will take center stage at the National Centre for the Performing Arts on Saturday, bringing a feast of jazz to the capital. Her setlist will include    and  . Learn more  .,French composer Georges Bizet's three-act opera or The Pearl Fishers, is to be performed in Beijing with five shows from May 15-19 . It tells of a love triangle set on the ancient island of Ceylon (now Sri Lanka) in the Indian Ocean. There, two friends, Zurga and Nadir, both fall in love with the beautiful Leila.,Qing Dynasty (1644-1911) Emperor Qianlong's passion for calligraphy and painting is the subject of an ongoing exhibition at the Palace Museum. an exhibition underway at the Hall of Literary Glory (Wenhua Dian), presents over 100 of the finest works produced by the emperor, his close courtiers and other members of the royal family. More than half of the works have never been publicly displayed before.,Austrian pianist Rudolf Buchbinder, one of the finest Beethoven interpreters of all time, will perform all five Ludwig van Beethoven's piano concertos during his upcoming Chinese tour with the German orchestra Staatskapelle Dresden. Repertoire will include  and Learn more  .,A two-month art exhibition curated by shopping center Indigo and French gallery Carr\u00a8\u00a6 d'Artistes, presents an innovative combination of art and life. The event features over 40 international artworks in an office building, inviting working professionals to enjoy contemporary paintings and even find one for their home. The French gallery chain Carr\u00a8\u00a6 d'Artistes, with a philosophy different from its predecessors, aims at making art accessible and affordable for more people. Learn more  .,A major exhibition at the National Museum of China presents the great wealth and diversity of Asian cultures. offers visitors a journey across the vast lands of the continent and the chance to travel through its long history by presenting 451 cultural relics from 49 countries.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "One of China's top universities pledged on Sunday to establish systems to prevent sexual harassment, after a former professor was exposed online for a scandal dating back two decades. Peking University said it will introduce reporting channels and educational campaigns to ensure a safe, harmonious campus built on gender equality, vowing zero-tolerance for teachers who violate the code of ethics. The move comes after Shen Yang, a Chinese language professor who worked at the Beijing school until 2011, was accused of inappropriate behavior in the '90s with a student named Gao Yan, who committed suicide. The allegation came to light late last week when Li Youyou, a classmate of Gao's who is now in Canada, posted an item about the case on social networking site Douban. It became one of the hottest topics online during the Tomb Sweeping Festival break. On Friday, Peking University issued a statement that said Shen had been given an official warning in 1998 based on a police report. On Sunday, the school issued a further statement, in which it attached two files regarding the warning. The files say that Gao had sought a relationship with Shen in 1997. Shen was divorced at the time. Although Shen had no intention of having a relationship with Gao, he still said, \"You can be called my girlfriend.\" He then kissed her. Shen stopped seeing Gao in June of 1997. Nine months later, the student killed herself. She was 21. A police investigation into the case found that the professor had displayed \"inappropriate behavior\" and violated teaching ethics, the statement said. Shanghai Normal University, where Shen has been teaching part-time, said in a brief statement on Saturday that it canceled his contract after learning of the scandal. It did not elaborate. Nanjing University's School of Liberal Arts, where Shen is a faculty member, has asked him to resign. The school's administrative department said it did not perform a background check during his transfer and was unaware of the punishment handed out in 1998. \"Online public opinion has already severely affected the school's normal teaching order and academic reputation,\" the school said in a statement. \"Shen is no longer suitable to work here.\" Shen did not respond to requests for comment on Sunday. However, in an interview with Beijing News on Friday, he denied the accusations as \"malicious defamation\". Shen is the second Chinese scholar to lose his job this year in connection with a sex scandal. In January, Chen Xiaowu, a professor at Beijing\u00a1\u00afs Beihang University, was fired after the school investigated a sexual harassment accusation by a former female student on social media. The Ministry of Education stripped Chen of his Changjiang Scholars Award, the country\u00a1\u00afs highest academic honor for individuals, saying it would not tolerate activity that harms students. It said it would look into setting up a robust mechanism to prevent sexual harassment.", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "Hidden in a residential complex off the North Third Ring Road in Beijing is a potentially lucrative cottage industry with an attitude. Its main wall, decorated with vinyl discs, movie posters and images of rock bands, presents the look of a music and movie bar. But Li Boxing Club pulsates with a different kind of energy. \"Since I was very young, I always wanted a boxing club of my own, a small space that all my friends could come and have a good time at,\" said its owner, who is in his early 30s and prefers to be called A-li, as if in tribute to boxing legend Muhammad Ali. A-li hails from the Xinjiang Uygur autonomous region. The front wall of the club has a landscape painted on it, a portrayal of the regional capital's landmark Drum Tower. That's the area where A-li's dream started. \"Back then, we had a very small venue, with a small balcony outside. We had a lot of fun there when we finished training. We used to drink, smoke and chat while looking at this beautiful Drum Tower,\" A-li said. \"Fun\" included mischief and an iota of street vandalism, like stealing posters from the light box at the local bus stop. Fun got extended in another form as a career beckoned. He moved to four different locations, before finally settling down at the current location. He invested 300,000 yuan ($43,800) to buy the small venue, which has now grown into a very busy club. His personal training class, priced 800 yuan per hour, is always fully booked, he said. That's because for many club members, who range from city white-collar executives to artists and celebrities, boxing is not just a sport but a part of their life. \"I'm a man, I'm not a coward or a loser. They said boxing is hard. Come on, life is much harder,\" said Wu Di, the lead vocal artist of a Beijing-based rockabilly band Rolling Bowling. He's been practising boxing for a few years, but it was only in 2015 that he started to learn seriously at A-Li's club. \"It's like everything else. Hard work will pay off. There is no such thing as genius in this sport,\" he said. \"You need to learn scientifically, learn how to control your muscles, manage your breath and prepare your body for the one accurate and powerful punch. \"You need to stay sharp, focused and brave and always try to push yourself to a higher level. Just like playing music, practice is the core, there is no genius.\" After a tour of Guizhou, he and his band were back in Beijing for a short break, before embarking on a fresh tour to Lanzhou city for a music festival. A musician and an amateur boxer, Wu credits boxing, his hobby, for his enriched life. \"Before I met my girlfriend, my life was much simpler\u00a3\u00adtraining, working on my music, then training again, until I fell asleep.\",Boxing, he said, appears like a violent combat on the surface, but scratch it, and you will see that it is a rational sport that needs a scientific approach, Wu said. \"Before I joined the club, I was learning it by myself. Years ago, when I went to a boxing club in Italy, they didn't even bother to take a look at me.\" Back then, Wu's frame was more music buff than boxer. But music and boxing share a few features, he said. \"Many think singing is dependent only on one's voice or throat. It's not the case at all. It requires your full body's attention and a singer needs to use the power or energy that is at his or her core. Similarly, boxing requires every muscle to get involved. \"Boxing is not as popular as before, because it takes too long to cultivate a champion. Sometimes, it takes over 30 years of training. Boxing is a foreign sport. It lacks the tradition in China. So this sport is facing difficulties in its development because it's too hard. Anyone from a wealthy family is not likely to make much effort to learn the art.\" He said boxing is like his favorite music genre. \"Vintage American-style rock-n-roll is an awesome style, but people don't recognize it.\" He said more and more people like him have turned to boxing. Recreation sports are emerging as a viable, even lucrative, business segment, he said. Agreed Cai Jialong, founder of Long FC, a game based on mixed martial arts. \"In China, there are over 80 million boxing fans. With such a large crowd of potential fans, combat sports and even players may fare better in the future. \"The major demographic for this market are those aged between 18 and 30 with a relatively strong consumption power and open mind. They tend to accept the culture of combat.\" Li Zhipeng, partner of BW Venture Capital, which used to invest in the country's popular workout app Keep, said more games and commercial competitions can encourage more people to take part in recreation sports with a combat element. \"Combat sports are a nascent business. People in this business are approaching it like parents would view an infant\u00a3\u00adwithout undue hurry about growth and future. We don't want to talk about profits right now.\" But he predicted top combat players in China will be able to earn 100 million yuan annually five years from now.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "  World-leading technology was on display as an expo opened on Saturday to get things warmed up for this year's 4th World Internet Conference in Wuzhen in Zhejiang province. The four-day Light of the Internet Exposition has attracted participants from across the world to the Wuzhen International Internet Exhibition and Convention Center. \"The expo features the most innovative, cutting-edge products and fields in information technology, including cloud calculation, big data, quantum communication, artificial intelligence, and the shared economy,\" Yuan Jiajun, governor of Zhejiang province, said at the expo's opening ceremony. More than 400 companies\u00a3\u00ad100 more than last year\u00a3\u00adare attending from 13 countries and regions. They include not only industry giants such as BMW, Kaspersky, Alibaba and Tencent but also startups that are leaders in some areas of information technology. IFly Tek, a top company in voice recognition, showcased its Xiaoyi Translation Machine at the expo, which attracted a lot of visitors on the expo's first day. \"The machine can be put in a pocket and connected to the internet with a cellphone SIM card,\" said Liu Weiwei, marketing manager of iFly Tek. Even before the device was launched this year, the company had introduced automatic translation between some languages. The company's products also have been used for simultaneous interpretation at conferences. Bermal Kaplan, a representative for Hangzhou Tiankuan Technology Co, a security terminal producer for industrial and defense applications, said her company's products have been of great help to countries along the Belt and Road Initiative. \"China's internet technology is at least a decade more advanced and convenient than in my home country,\" said Kaplan, who is from Turkey. \"I feel like I am living in the future.\" Some companies are newcomers, such as Buick, a division of manufacturer General Motors of the United States and one of world's oldest automakers. \"China has the world's leading ecosystem for internet connectivity,\" said Sam Silverman, a Buick representative. \"Many countries are still in the desktop age, yet China seems to have leapfrogged into the mobile age, and now everything can be done using smartphones in China,\" he said. \"Couple that with strong government support and infrastructure and these advantages will definitely help China's smart vehicle industry flourish.\" Ofo, a leading bike-sharing company based in Beijing, was present and also has been working on new technology to benefit customers. \"We are trying to make things even easier,\" said Li Bofei, a business manager for the company. Ofo, working with Huawei Technologies Co, has introduced a smart bicycle lock that can be unlocked with a smartphone using near-field communication technology, which is \"even easier than scanning a QR code\", Li said. Business and technology are advancing rapidly in China, Li said. \"Perhaps a new internet approach just created last year might now be considered a traditional one.\" At last year's expo, We Doctor Group showed off a smartphone application permitting a user to connect with an online medical care service, smart medical devices and home appliances. This year, the company is exhibiting a smartphone it developed with a button on the back to make things simpler and easier for elderly users who have trouble with regular smartphones. It allows them to connect to the company's internet hospital platform, which it developed in late 2015, and also has all the functions of a regular phone, said Hou Dan, a marketing manager from We Doctor.", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "Wang He, a blind pianist from the Ningxia Hui autonomous region, is busy preparing for university life in Beijing while his peers await the results from the national college entrance exam. \"My dream finally came true. I still can't believe it,\" said Wang, 20, who received an offer from the music department at Beijing Union University. He took required tests in general knowledge and piano in April as part of the school's special education program. \"The school also required me to pass piano tests at both the China Conservatory of Music and the Zhejiang Conservatory of Music. These tests exempted me from taking the national college entrance exam,\" said Wang, whose eyesight began deteriorating at age 2 after a severe illness. He said he attributed this opportunity to China's supportive policies for visually impaired students hoping to attend college. In 2015, the Ministry of Education and the China Disabled Persons' Federation jointly launched Braille versions of the national college exam, and gave disabled students more time to finish the test - with art school candidates given waiver options. Wang was in high school when he learned about the new test policy, and this inspired him to apply to Ningxia's Special Education High School - his first step toward achieving his dream of attending college. If he had not applied, he says he would likely have gone to a vocational school to learn a skill such as traditional Chinese massage, a common occupation for many blind people in China. Wang said his world became totally dark at age 10, which made it impossible for him to stay in his public primary school. His father, Wang Qiwen, discovered his son's interest in music, and hired two teachers - one teaching Braille and the other piano. \"I hoped music could light up his world and keep him company,\" his father said. At first, his mother Zhang Haiping read the musical notes to him so he could memorize them before practice. Three years later, Wang He learned to read sheet music in Braille by himself. \"He loves playing the piano so much and is truly gifted. He practices at least seven hours a day and passed the Level 10 piano exam in just over three years,\" his father said. While playing the piano, Wang He also kept up with his regular school assignments. In 2014, while enrolled at Ningxia's Special Education High School in Yinchuan, the regional capital, he took part in the China region category of the seventh UK Royal International Music Competition, held in China. He finished in first place. \"It was a surprise for me as I never thought I'd win,\" Wang He said. \"I hope to become a piano teacher after graduation so I can help blind children in Ningxia.\" Xinhua ", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "The retreat from a potential trade war between China and the United States is beneficial for both countries and global economic development, said Liu Xiaoming, China's ambassador to the United Kingdom, on Monday. Liu was addressing more than 100 representatives from the business, political and academic sectors at the London-based think-tank Asia House. \"For China, this outcome is in the interest of achieving high-quality economic development, and meeting the growing consumption needs of the Chinese people. For the US, this outcome will cut the trade deficit, and support growth and employment,\" he said. His remarks came after two days of \"positive, pragmatic, constructive and fruitful\" talks in Washington between the Chinese and US government representatives, led by China's Vice-Premier Liu He, and US Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin. In a joint statement on Saturday, the countries agreed to take measures to reduce the US trade deficit in goods, with China significantly increasing purchases of US goods and services, which will help support growth and employment in the US. These agreements have put a stop to the previously threatened trade war, which began earlier this year with US President Donald Trump planning to impose tariffs on up to $150 billion of Chinese goods, and China considering similar retaliatory steps. Central to the bilateral tension is the existence of the US's $335 billion annual trade deficit with Beijing. Trump has also accused China of infringing US intellectual property, such as technology and copyright. Liu said that while the dangers of a trade war have abated, recent events deserve deeper reflection. He gave China's trading partners several suggestions for the development of win-win trade relations. Liu said it is important to stop being suspicious about China and see its development objectively. He stressed that China is still a developing country with its own problems and challenges. However, it is committed to pressing ahead with reform and opening-up, processes that will provide many opportunities for its partners internationally. This year marks the 40th anniversary of China's reform and opening-up, which began in 1978. In the four decades since then, China has become the world's second-largest economy and the largest contributor to world growth. China will continue to open up. As soon as major measures are being implemented, this will create more opportunities with the world, Liu said. Elsewhere in his speech, Liu stressed the importance of deepening the results of win-win collaboration, urging the US to treat Chinese products equally and fairly so that both countries can exercise their respective strengths to achieve mutual benefits. He also stressed the importance of following international rules rather than domestic laws in international trade, and urged the international community to recognize China's real progress in intellectual property protection over the years.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Iranian director Majid Majidi talks about his filmmaking at a master class in Beijing, Xu Fan reports. Iranian director Majid Majidi is known for making films centered on children. His 1997 classic, Children of Heaven-about two young siblings who share a pair of tattered sneakers-was the first Iranian film nominated for an Oscar in the best foreign language category. His other acclaimed films include The Color of Paradise, a best feature winner at the Montreal World Film Festival in 1999, Baran (2001) and The Willow Tree (2005). During his recent visit to Beijing, Majidi revealed how he manages to bring out the most natural on-screen emotions in his young actors and actresses-by \"cheating\" a little as well. \"I wrote another script for the children, but they didn't know in advance,\" Majidi, 59, said in Persian of Children of Heaven at a master class organized by the China Film Foundation's Wu Tianming Film Summit for Young Talents, which was held in Beijing from Nov 4 to 9.,He says he set up a \"trap\" for Amir Farrokh Hashemian, who stars as 8-year-old Ali in the same film, and Bahare Seddiqi, the actress who plays Ali's younger sister, Zahra. In the film, which also won the best picture award at the Montreal World Film Festival in 1997, Ali is from a poverty-stricken family in Tehran. One day, he loses a pair of pink shoes-his sister's only footwear. Fearing that their father would blame him, the siblings decide to take turns wearing Ali's pair of sneakers to go to school. But a string of mishaps makes the situation worse. It was the first film for the two child actors, Hashemian and Seddiqi, who were selected from a number of elementary school students in Tehran. They had to show anger, joy and desperation, among other emotions. \"But the children would be nervous in front of a camera. It's natural. You cannot be too demanding,\" says Majidi. So, the director pretended to scold an assistant for \"carelessness\" at work and told him that he was fired. As the assistant's regular job involved taking care of the two children, they felt sad and cried. Hashemian walked toward Majidi, asking the director to forgive the assistant. Majidi nodded as if he was reluctant but agreed. \"He (Hashemian) was so excited and promptly jumped. The child quickly ran to the assistant and stopped him from 'leaving'. At that moment, you could see that the child thought it was a great thing,\" recalls Majidi. But the children didn't know that the cameras were rolling, recording their emotions, which were edited to become formal content in the film. \"Of course, you cannot do such things for all scenes. You still have to correctly teach them (child artists) to induce emotions,\" says Majidi.,He says he shoots what he really needs during rehearsals, as children are more relaxed and natural than when they perform officially. Majidi, who's also a father of two children, says traveling with the young cast is his other way to get into their world. Before shooting The Color of Paradise, which was listed by Time Magazine as one of the 10 best movies of 2000, the director toured with Mohsen Ramezani, who stars the protagonist-a boy who's blind-to northern Iran's water bodies and forests. \"He is more sensitive to hearing and touch than people (without sight disabilities). I wanted to know how he feels and experiences the world,\" recalls Majidi. It turned out to be quite a journey. Young Ramezani listened to the breeze and birds in the woods and grabbed sand on a beach-experiences he described as listening to the \"languages of nature\" to the director. \"I felt like I was blind, too, but that Ramezani's vision was stronger. The travel was very inspirational and had opened my heart to the authentic beauty of nature,\" says Majidi. Born in a middle-class family in Tehran, his fascination with acting and the stage started at 11 years old. His interest in cinema grew after the Iranian Revolution of 1979. His latest film is Beyond the Clouds, a 2017 Hindi-language feature that marks his first production outside Iran. Set in Mumbai, the film is about adult siblings and has child characters, too.,\"A Chinese distributor has purchased it. I hope Beyond the Clouds will be released in China next year,\" says Majidi. Majidi was once invited as one of five foreign masters to shoot a five-minute promo for the 2008 Beijing Olympics. He says he has since shaped an idea about depicting the conflict between a Chinese boy and his grandmother, who respectively represent yearning for a modern life and the persistence of tradition. \"I have been thinking about the script and polishing it for a decade. I'm talking to some Chinese filmmakers and hope I can shoot the story in China,\" says Majidi. \"Iran and China share a lot of similarities in culture. China has a huge film market. I expect more cooperation in cinema.\" Contact the writer at xufan@chinadaily.com.cn", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Vivien Zhang's first solo exhibition in China, Codescape, is intended to inspire discussion among the generation born in the 1990s, who've grown up amid rapid technological development. The 27-year-old Beijing native, who was listed on Forbes' 30 Under 30-Asia-the Arts 2017, left China after the fifth grade. She spent the rest of her childhood in Nairobi and Bangkok, before attending university in London, where she earned her master's degree. Codescape is on show at Beijing's Long March Space through Oct 28. Forbes describes Zhang's oil paintings as \"intricate\". They employ colorful patterns to convey her ideas about geographical fluidity, science, math and philosophy. \"I started to develop a love for painting in childhood,\" she says. \"I didn't have formal training as a kid. But I've never stopped painting since. If it stops bringing me joy, then I'll focus on something else.\" She recalls struggling in her early days in London. Initially, her studio there was a tiny, unheated room with a single, glazed window.,Zhang would often stare at an ultrasonic mouse-repellent device affixed to the ceiling. This allowed her thoughts to flow freely. \"That time reminded me that humans are strong and adaptable animals. We can endure a lot for the lives we seek,\" she says. She also had to grapple with cultural challenges in London. Zhang says her works aren't political. But she does aspire to challenge how people view art and culture, especially in their non-Western manifestations. Her multicultural background not only endowed her with a unique perspective on her surroundings but also showed her that being an artist didn't excuse her from her responsibilities as a global citizen and a person of Chinese origin.,\"You face many challenges as a Chinese person living abroad,\" she says. \"My location at the intersection of cultures guides my creativity. And creativity is how I have a conversation with myself.\" She constantly seeks to engage traditional Chinese culture, since she has spent most of her life away from it. So, she builds on the emotional and epistemological roots of such traditional symbols as ancient bronze ware and temples. \"It's normal and 100 percent OK that viewers from different cultures aren't aware of the symbols I use,\" she says. \"It makes me want to use them more, to tempt them to want to understand the cultures I come from.\"", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Shanghai has been ranked ninth in a global ranking of cultural metropolises that was put together by Shanghai Jiao Tong University and the University of Southern California. The top 10 cities in the list were New York, London, Paris, Tokyo, San Francisco, Berlin, Beijing, Los Angeles, Shanghai and Rome. Other Chinese cities such as Hong Kong (25th), Guangzhou (36th), Shenzhen (39th) and Taipei (40th) also made it to the list. The teams from the universities evaluated 51 international cities based on statistics from government official websites, urban cultural yearbooks and authoritative organizations such as UNESCO and World Bank. Shanghai was also ranked first in terms of public involvement in cultural activities, seventh in cultural tourism and ninth in cultural supply. Beijing was ranked second, third and fourth in these respective areas. Xu Jian, leader of the research team from Shanghai Jiao Tong University, said that Shanghai has room to further improve the development of its cultural sector. He noted that Shanghai's ratings in this aspect did not match its global reputation as an international cultural metropolis. \"Shanghai should be shaped as a city interwoven with regional and Western culture, Jiangnan-style culture and \u00a1\u00aered culture' to the world. We should carry out strategic measures to promote the culture of Shanghai,\" said Xu. He suggested that Shanghai could establish core cultural industries with distinctive advantages, such as an e-sports industry with ChinaJoy as its platform, or a global film and television creation center with the Shanghai International Film Festival as a multi-functional communication platform. Xu also said that Shanghai should make its culture more competitive by improving public cultural services and upgrading the structure of its residents' cultural consumption. For example, theme bookstores, as a place for both entertainment and business, can not only encourage more customers to buy books, but also meet their cultural needs.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Beijing has mapped out the operations plan for several ground traffic routes to facilitate operations at the city's new airport - Beijing Daxing International Airport - which is scheduled to open in September 2019. According to a report in the Beijing-based newspaper The Mirror on Wednesday, the new airport expressway will be available for traffic in May. The new airport north line expressway will be available for traffic in 2019. Meanwhile, the Beijing\u00a8CXiong'an high-speed railway and the new subway line linking the airport and downtown in the initial phase will be ready for traffic in May. The four traffic routes, added to the completed Beijing-Taipei Expressway and the extension of the Beijing-Kaifeng Expressway, as well as the intercity railway's first phase that is under construction, forms a transport network around the airport known as \"five vertical - two horizon.\" Construction on the new airport started in December 2014. It is 46 kilometers from Tian'anmen Square, 67 km from Beijing Capital International Airport and 55 km from Xiongan New Area. The roof of the main terminal building was successfully sealed in January. Airfield construction is nearly complete and the road overpass was fully connected in May. Construction of ground refueling facilities will come into use in April 2019. It is designed to take pressure off the overcrowded Beijing Capital International Airport in the northeastern suburbs, and as a new engine to propel development of the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei cluster. The new airport is expected to handle 72 million passenger trips, 630,000 departures and arrivals, and 2 million metric tons of cargo and mail annually by 2025. In a long-term goal, it is expected to handle more than 100 million passengers a year, with 880,000 takeoffs and landings annually.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Beijing's Central Business District area will put six new buildings into use this year, as a move to further develop the CBD region into a first-class international community, local authorities said on Wednesday. Authorities from the capital's Chaoyang district said they are planning an overall upgrade project of the CBD area in an effort to strengthen public space functions, upgrade street landscapes and optimize the transportation system in the downtown CBD area. The living environment will also be improved in the area, including the addition of a park of 2.3 hectares, and 5G technology will be put into commercial use in the CBD area soon according to the CBD's management committee.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "New city tourism impact data show that the world\u00a1\u00afs top 10 fastest growing tourism cities are all in Asia, according to a report by the World Travel & Tourism Council (WTTC), a global body looking at the contribution of travel and tourism to city economies and job creation. The report City Travel and Tourism Impact 2017 covered 65 global cities, chosen for being among the top ranked for arrivals and spending by visitors. And 21 cities were selected in the Asia-Pacific region. The result showed that Asian cities will lead the tourism growth in the next 10 years, with Chongqing at 14 percent growth rate each year taking the first place, followed by Guangzhou, Shanghai and Beijing, compared with the world average growth rate of 4 percent per year and Asia-Pacific\u00a1\u00afs 5.8 percent. Here\u00a1\u00afs a look at the top 10 fastest growing tourism cities. No 10 Jakarta  Growth rate: 10 percent,No 1 Chongqing Growth rate: 14 percent,No 9 Kuala Lumpur Growth rate: 10.1 percent,No 8 Shenzhen Growth rate: 10.7 percent,No 7 Delhi Growth rate: 10.8 percent,No 6 Manila Growth rate: 10.9 percent,No 5 Chengdu Growth rate: 11.2 percent,No 4 Beijing Growth rate: 12 percent,No 3 Shanghai Growth rate: 12.8 percent,No 2 Guangzhou Growth rate: 13.1 percent", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "The youth must refine their professional skills. Study is the ladder of progress and practice is the way to improve capability. Quality and capability of the youth is directly linked to the course of realizing the Chinese Dream. --Xi remarks at a discussion with a group of outstanding young people from all walks of life May 4, 2013,  Living one's life is like buttoning up one's jacket. If the first button is not fastened correctly, the rest will never find their rightful place. The buttons of life should be fastened well from the very beginning. --Xi Jinping talks with students and faculty at Peking University. May 4, 2014,I was so eager to do my job well but fell ill quite often. The reason? I always burnt the midnight oil. Later I came to realize that I couldn't work like this anymore. One has to be fully aware that one cannot finish all the work at a time, however enthusiastic one may be about the job. --Xi speaks with participants of the first seminar for county-level Party chiefs at the Party School of the CPC Central Committee in Beijing Jan 12, 2015,  The future is encouraging and inspiring. But happiness does not fall from the sky. We shall establish a spirit to prevail and continue to immerse ourselves in hard work. --Xi delivers his New Year speech via state broadcasters in Beijing Dec 31, 2015,The whole society should vigorously promote the spirit of hard work, encouraging people to realize their dreams and change their fate through honest work, while opposing negative thoughts such as profiting from other people's work, opportunism and indulging in pleasure and comfort. -- Xi speaks at a meeting with a group of scientists and researchers, model workers and young representatives in Hefei April 26, 2016,  As one saying goes, \"success comes to those who share in one purpose\". As long as our 1.3 billion-plus people are pulled together for a common cause, as long as the Party stands together with the people and we roll up our sleeves to work harder, we will surely succeed in a Long March of our generation. --Xi Jinping extends New Year greetings to all Chinese compatriots and people around the world in his New Year speech in Beijing Dec 31, 2016,During one's growth and endeavor, the young may gain success and joy, but may also face difficulties and pressure. One should treat the success and failure at the moment with a correct attitude, not slack in prosperity and not lose faith in adversity. One should consider both the success and failure as wealth in life instead of burdens. -- President Xi Jinping talks with senior professors while inspecting China University of Political Science and Law May 3, 2017", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Beijing will ban the planting of female poplar trees in the future to prevent the mess of willow and poplar catkins - fuzzy reproductive tufts - that blow throughout the city every spring, creating problems for traffic, street cleaners and people with allergies. According to the Beijing municipal landscape and forestry bureau on Sunday, the city will upgrade existing species and increase the variety of trees used in urban greening projects. \"In addition to upgrading the current poplar trees, we have adopted many methods for limiting catkin production, including chemical injection, trimming and thinning,\" said Zhang Bo, researcher at the bureau's science and technology office. The city has organized a team with 100 professionals since 2017 to locate every female poplar tree within the Fifth Ring Road, he said. \"At present, the team has created a database of all the female poplar trees in the area, which provides strong data support for the catkin treatment,\" he said. The government will also start a citywide inspection of the fire risks that come with catkins. High-pressure water jets will be used to reduce floating catkins, and officials have asked the urban cleaning department to clear away the debris in a timely manner. As of the end of 2018, the city had about 284,000 female poplar trees within the Fifth Ring Road. Chaoyang district has around half the total, according to the bureau. Up to 60 percent of the poplar trees are growing well, and that means they produce catkins. Cao Xiaojia, a doctor specializing in skin diseases at Chinese People's Liberation Army 306 Hospital in Beijing, said willow seeds are a common allergen in spring, with patients displaying symptoms such as red and itchy skin. \"Those who are sensitive should take precautions such as wearing a mask when going out and avoiding eating spicy food,\" she said. In the 1960s, the government had limited money for landscaping in the capital, so the low-cost, fast-growing poplars and willows became the best choice at that time and were widely planted, said Zhang Jianguo, an expert at the forestry research institute of the Chinese Academy of Forestry. He said simply removing the existing trees wouldn't solve the problem, and those trees have made an essential ecological contribution to Beijing's environment over the decades. Zhang said, a typical poplar tree can absorb 172 kilograms of carbon dioxide and release 125 kg of oxygen annually.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Chen Yi is an entrepreneur who has become a key opinion leader on mother and baby products in Beijing. After pregnancy, Chen began suffering from postpartum depression and to get out of depression, she started to make baby clothes and launched her own clothing brand. She shared her experience and hobby on social media and regained confidence by interacting with netizens. At the beginning she just wanted to find something to do and didn't expect she would have a new career as an entrepreneur. To balance work and life, Chen chose the location of her company close to her home so that it was convenient for her to take care of her children, who were her inspiration. Chen's husband is a famous TV host and her mother-in-law is a professor of obstetrics and gynecology with about 100,000 online fans. Chen said the biggest advantage for her is that all her family members are internet celebrities and the total number of fans the whole family has surpasses 5 million. To have a baby clothing brand is the first step and next she would like to establish a healthy and happy family brand, Chen said.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "The Second World SME Conference is scheduled to be held at Beijing Yanqi Lake International Convention and Exhibition Center from June 21 to 23, aiming to facilitate communication and development of small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) worldwide, the conference's organizers said in a media conference on Thursday in Beijing. With support from organizations such as the Chinese People's Association for Friendship with Foreign Countries, the conference this year is jointly organized by a slew of organizations including the China Association for Small & Medium Commercial Enterprises (CASME), the Public Diplomacy & Culture Exchange Center, and the Beijing Foreign Studies University. Wang Min, president of CASME, said the association initiated the World SME Conference as a platform for SMEs worldwide to communicate and cooperate in response to the United Nations' decision in 2017 to designate June 27 as \"Small and Medium-sized Enterprises Day\". He said the SME Day highlights their important role in achieving sustainable development, promoting innovation and creativity, and providing decent jobs for all people. The first World SME Conference held in Beijing last year achieved great success thanks to its distinct themes, rich content and active participants, according to Wang. \"SMEs are the pillar of economic development in the world, and are also the most dynamic and creative enterprise group,\" Wang said. \"Building a community with a shared future needs everyone's strength.\" The conference this year will focus on jointly building the Belt and Road Initiative and the international cooperation of SMEs worldwide, with forums and roundtables on related topics, and exhibitions and designed negotiation areas. There will be an opening ceremony, a main forum and numerous sub-forums, to promote multi-level communication and exchanges. Such forums and activities will include business matchmaking and negotiation sessions to facilitate cooperation, orientations from senior government officials of different countries and regions to introduce the latest policies, and speeches from scholars, industry experts and entrepreneurs that will provide insights and experiences on business operations. Industries such as new retail, blockchain, artificial intelligence and fintech will be covered. Faisal Mohamed, the Maldives Ambassador to China, said SMEs are vital for a healthy market economy and employment. He said the Second World SME Conference is going to be a great platform for SMEs across the world to have a dialogue, which he is looking forward to.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "The Beijing municipal government is breathing life back into the brick-and-mortar bookstore industry as it faces pressure from the booming e-commerce sector, soaring rents and the growing popularity of digital books. Since the emergence of e-commerce and digital reading materials, their convenience and cheaper prices have presented a challenge for physical bookstores. Despite Ernest Hemingway's belief that \"There is no friend as loyal as a book\", it is now easier to find a coffee shop in Beijing than a bookstore. Thus, the Beijing government in July announced a plan to support bookstores by providing 50 million yuan ($7.33 million) per year to help establish more than 150 bookstores over the next few years. The city will also encourage an influential bookstore chain to set up branches in busy streets, commercial centers, residential areas and at tourist attractions to improve visibility. In fact, the book retail business has been slowly gaining momentum in recent years. According to Openbook, a market information service provider, in 2017, the book retail market reached 80.3 billion yuan for the first time, up 14.55 percent year-on-year. The physical bookstore sector showed positive growth of 2.33 percent year-on-year with market size reaching 34.4 billion yuan. Although the numbers show some positive signs for brick-and-mortar bookstores, the profits of such shops are shrinking. Qu Defang, general manager of Sanlian Taofen Bookstore, said the company generated 11 million yuan in 2017, with a profit of 360,000 yuan. \"With each book we sold we profited less than one yuan,\" Qu said. \"My secondhand Kindle cost about 300 yuan, and I can download books for free,\" said Huang Tiange, a 30-year-old medical doctor in Ningbo, Zhejiang province. \"It is thin, portable and cheap.\" Yan Bofei, CEO of Shanghai Jifeng Bookstore, an independent bookshop that had to shut down earlier this year, said soaring rents were the initial pressure bookstore operators faced. \"In the past two decades, the country's land prices have jumped multiple times but the sales revenue of books has only increased by one-fourth,\" he said. Facing the challenges, a number of determined entrepreneurs have realized selling books alone is not enough to survive. Many new feature bookstores have emerged, combining traditional bookstores with cafes, event venues, even clothing and furniture stores. One such store is Fangsuo, which started in Guangzhou, South China's Guangdong province, and has gradually set up branches in central business districts in Chengdu in Sichuan province, Qingdao in Shandong province, and Chongqing. \"Many think the physical bookstore is on the verge of death. But in fact, it has moved onto the right track,\" said Mao Jihong, founder of Fangsuo, as the store's Chengdu branch has broken even for two years. \"I want it to change how people use space in the city,\" Mao said. \"In the past, the central commercial district was used for shopping, and shopping took up a large part of urban residents' leisure time. \"We aim to bring books, cultural exhibitions and art activities to central areas despite sky-high rents, so people can enjoy books, culture and art while shopping.\"", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "China will give greater emphasis to opening-up based on rules and institutions, in a bid to pursue high-quality growth and assure an international competitive edge to its business environment, said Vice-Minister of Commerce Qian Keming. The approval of the Foreign Investment Law is a recent example of China's commitment to promoting institutional opening-up, and experts hoped detailed regulations will come out soon. At the ongoing China Development Forum 2019 in Beijing, Qian said the country will improve the opening-up process based on the \"flow of goods and factors of production\", and give greater emphasis to opening-up based on rules and related institutions. Institutional opening-up means opening up in a more systematic way, Qian said during a panel discussion on Sunday. \"In the past, we crossed the river by feeling the stones,\" he said, citing Chinese leaders' description of the start of the reform and opening-up process 40 years ago. \"Now, we will focus more on top-level design led by new development of models, ideas and strategies.\" Qian said the country will put more emphasis on improving its rules, institutions and laws, while striving to open up its economy on all fronts. To achieve the goal, a key undertaking is to continue building a world-class business environment and level the playing field for all market entities, he said. China approved the Foreign Investment Law this month to better protect foreign investors' rights. Under the law, China will treat foreign and Chinese enterprises equally. The law bars forced technology transfers and stipulates strict protection of the intellectual property of foreign-invested enterprises. It stipulates that foreign businesses will receive standard national treatment in setting up businesses, subject to a negative list system that regulates market access. Qian said the country will clean up any existing laws and regulations that go against the national standard, adjust local governments' regulations and expedite detailed regulations. The Ministry of Commerce has been working with several departments to formulate supporting regulations, according to spokesman Gao Feng. Craig Allen, president of the US-China Business Council, said he hoped for detailed regulations to ensure the smooth implementation of the law, which will take effect on Jan 1. He said the enactment of the law is going in the \"right direction\", but a lot of work needs to be done to fill out the law. \"We think the general philosophy of the law is very positive, and we are anxious to work with the Chinese government on the detailed implementation regulations,\" Allen told China Daily on the sidelines of the forum. Allen also said he hoped for detailed implementation regulations that will respond to the concerns of foreign companies in specific ways. The Chinese government has made \"real progress\" in intellectual property rights protection, he said, adding that he hoped to see further development. \"Copyright, trademark and trade secret protections are critical to an innovative society, and I think the Foreign Investment Law tries to address that,\" he said.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "BEIJING - Beijing plans to cut its coal consumption to below 4.2 million tons, down 13.4 percent from 2017, according to Beijing Municipal Commission of City Management. The goal is expected to be met by shifting focus from cutting consumption in the city to promoting clean energy use in the rural areas. Under the plan, Beijing will complete replacing coal with clean energy in 450 rural villages by the end of 2018, the commission said. The city will also use clean energy to power more boilers used for winter heating, as well as shutting down more coal-burning industrial plants. Beijing announced a plan to cut coal consumption in 2013. The city has since then cut more than 18 million tons of coal consumption. In 2017, the city burned 4.85 million tons of coal, accounting for 5.6 percent of its total energy consumption. Coal burning is no longer a major source of PM2.5 - particulate matter less than 2.5 micrometres in diameter - in Beijing, according to a study published last month by the Beijing Environmental Protection Bureau. The PM2.5 level in Beijing has dropped to its lowest since 2013 when the national air pollution control campaign began.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "The railway system will be safer, faster, more environmentally friendly and cover more areas to serve a wider public, a senior engineer said on Thursday. \"The China Railways Corp (CRC) will continue to innovate both in technologies and management,\" said Lu Chunfang, an academician of the Chinese Academy of Engineering and the general director of the Beijing to Shanghai High-Speed Railway. Lu, a member of the 13th National Committee of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference (CPPCC), was speaking before the closing ceremony of the first session of the 13th CPPCC National Committee in Beijing on Thursday. China will improve security for its future high-speed trains on three fronts\u00a1\u00aaoperations, design and material, as well as its internal software and mechanism, Lu said. Engineers are also working on environmental sensing, self-driving, magnetic rails, vacuum tunnels and other technologies to make future trains smarter and faster. Trains that are quieter, use less energy and more environmentally friendly materials are also in the works. \"Future Chinese high-speed trains will be safer, faster, and more comfortable than ever,\" he said. In 2017, China had 26,000 kilometers of high-speed rail, accounting for more than 60 percent of the world's high-speed rail, according to CRC, the nation's railway operator. China's high-speed railway coverage will reach 38,000 kilometers by 2025, as Lu said. In terms of technological innovations for the trains, \"we have to fix our shortcomings by replacing foreign parts with domestically designed equipment,\" he said. \"At the same time, we have to build on top of technologies that we are currently leading.\"", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "Dozens of small robots, driverless vehicles combined with express pickup containers, took to the streets for the first time from the Shangdi delivery station in northwest Beijing's Haidian district on Monday to improve delivery service and reduce costs. The red and white automated delivery robots stood in a shining line at 10 am on Monday around the Shangdi distribution center, one of e-commerce giant JD's main delivery stations. The driverless vehicles delivered 30 boxes of products, their top speed reaching 15 kilometers per hour. The robots, which automatically stop at red traffic lights, can carry up to 300 kilograms of goods. The deliveries \"covered most of the residential areas near the distribution station\", said Yang Jing, general manager of the autonomous vehicle center at JD's artificial intelligence technologies research department. Data on the machines were already on record with the Beijing Commission of Transportation's local transport department before they took to the road, Yang said. The robots, driving in the nonmotor-vehicle lanes, pick up goods left at local distribution centers by couriers. Navigating by radar and sensors, the robots avoid barriers and pedestrians, respond accordingly to traffic signals and make their way to the delivery sites. \"We are using delivery robots to reduce the human costs of traditional delivery service,\" Yang said. \"At the same time, it improves transportation efficiency.\" A surveillance center monitors the vehicles' whereabouts through data and video the robots transmit. JD has already employed delivery machines in several closed areas, such as college campuses and closed off industrial communities. In June last year, robots delivered packages on the campus of Renmin University. JD plans to put more than 100 delivery robots in use in more than 20 Chinese and foreign cities, such as Shanghai, Tianjin, Xi'an and Bangkok. The company said on Tuesday that delivery efficiency will be greatly improved, but it gave no details on how robots will be integrated in the process. Liu Daizong, China transport program director at the World Resources Institute, said more guidelines are needed on how to operate unmanned vehicles on public streets. Especially if such vehicles are heavily loaded, \"crashes on the road could have huge consequences for pedestrians and cause damage,\" Liu said. Liu, an expert member of the Beijing Commission of Transportation, said so far Beijing has only set standards for unmanned vehicle road tests, and detailed guidelines need to be worked out. \"Standards still need to be tested, and less weight (than the 300 kg maximum) might be the safe option for the delivery robots,\" he added. Retail giant Amazon has also been using automated delivery robots, starting with drones at the end of 2016 in the UK to improve the transport efficiency.", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "China praises the latest positive comments made by the United States regarding the issue related to Chinese telecommunication giant ZTE Corp, Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang said on Monday. Beijing will keep close contact with Washington over the details, the spokesman told a Monday news conference when asked about a recent tweet by US President Donald Trump about the ZTE case. Trump said on Twitter on Sunday about giving ZTE \"a way to get back into business, fast\", adding he has instructed the US Department of Commerce \"to get it done.\" China and the US have also maintained close contact over some specific concerns from the US, Lu added. ZTE was forced to suspend its main operations worldwide after the US Commerce Department banned American companies from exporting products to it in mid-April. US companies that supply chips and other components to ZTE are experiencing sizable revenue loss after the United States imposed a denial of export privileges, according to Xinhua news agency.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "The number of people travelling between the Chinese mainland and Ireland could increase by as much as 300 percent once the countries are linked by regular direct flights in June. Hainan Airlines will begin flying between Beijing and Dublin on June 12. Vincent Harrison, managing director of Dublin Airport, said: \"Once a long-haul service is in place, there will be two times the volume of passenger growth, and sometimes it could be three times depending on the market.\" Harrison said around 120,000 passengers travelled between the two countries last year and that Ireland is the most popular destination in Europe for Chinese travellers that does not currently have a direct flight. The direct link adds convenience and will allow people to travel much more frequently on business and more easily for leisure, boosting passenger numbers, he said. Hainan Airlines will operate flights from Dublin to Beijing four times per week. On two days per week, the service will be direct nonstop flights between Dublin and Beijing. The other two days, the flights will also stop in Edinburgh. The possibility of flying directly to Ireland will generate publicity and interest in China. \"If no Chinese airline is flying to Ireland, people are not talking about Ireland or promoting it, but as soon as they start presenting that as an option, things will be different,\" Harrison said. Meanwhile, 10 days ahead of the first Dublin to Beijing route, Cathay Pacific is to launch a new direct Dublin-Hong Kong service four times per week, starting on June 2. Tourism Ireland estimates that about 70,000 Chinese visitors visited the island last year, up from 60,000 in 2016. Mary Rose Burke, CEO of the Dublin Chamber of Commerce, said: \"People in China may not understand how excited we are in Dublin and Ireland about the direct flight both to Beijing and Hong Kong. \"It opens up people's imagination of what might be possible in a huge way. There is a huge sense of goodwill, excitement and romance. I think it is important to capture some of that because decisions are made on business in an economic way, but also made around emotion and connection and ease of doing business.\" According to Kieran Donoghue, global head of International Financial Services, Strategy and Public Policy at IDA Ireland, trade between Ireland and China in 2017 was worth more than 14.9 billion euros ($18.45 billion), double the figure from 2013. He believes the new direct route will greatly facilitate Irish firms and exporters with operations and clients in China, as well as China's financial services and technology companies investing in Ireland. Donohue said Ireland will be a \"large alternative\" to the UK for Chinese investors in the aftermath of Brexit. \"Ireland looks like the largest alternative for Chinese investors because we have effectively the same legal system as the UK, we're English-speaking and we preserve the market access,\" he said.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Edinburgh-based Pickering\u00a1\u00afs Gin is tapping into China\u00a1\u00afs thirst for British products by opening a bar dedicated to gin in Beijing. The gin and seafood bar will open in the Chaoyang district next month at a location close to the British embassy where customers will be able to taste Pickering\u00a1\u00afs gins along with Scottish seafood. The company said it will be the first gin bar in China\u00a1\u00afs capital. The move comes after months of work and planning along with Chinese craft beer brewer, Panda Brew and is part of the Edinburgh distillery\u00a1\u00afs long-term export strategy to open Pickering\u00a1\u00afs gin and seafood bars in major cities across China. Marcus Pickering, co-founder and head of export at the company, sees the bar as a stepping stone for both Pickering\u00a1\u00afs gin and Scottish produce in China. \u00a1\u00b0Our water is world famous \u00a8C whether it is the fish that swim in it, the alcohol we distil with it, or the ice we make from it, our bar is a celebration of the best to come from Scotland\u00a1\u00afs exceptional waters,\u00a1\u00b1 he said. \u00a1\u00b0From gin to salmon, whisky to beer \u00a8C we\u00a1\u00afll be flying the flag for quality Scottish produce in China.\u00a1\u00b1 Gin is one of the fastest-growing spirits in the United Kingdom in terms of popularity. There are now 315 distilleries, up from 152 in 2013, according to figures from HM Revenue & Customs. With China\u00a1\u00afs growing middle class already getting a taste for craft beer and Scottish whisky, the company hopes gin will be the next big thing in the world\u00a1\u00afs second-largest economy. \u00a1\u00b0Gin is a very new category for the Chinese mainland but it is generating much excitement, particularly from the younger generation. There\u00a1\u00afs a desire in China for lighter, fresher drinks, and gin\u00a1\u00afs versatility really taps into this,\u00a1\u00b1 said Kurt Xia, director of Panda Brew. Xia added that Chinese consumers will be attracted to products from Scotland because of the nation\u00a1\u00afs \u00a1\u00b0unique history, natural environment, provenance, and the quality of the produce\u00a1\u00b1. The likes of Scottish craft beer makers BrewDog and Innis & Gunn are already capitalizing on the fast-growing market for premium alcoholic drinks. Earlier this year, BrewDog announced it planned to open a brewery in China, its second-largest international market. And Panda Brew opened a Scottish whisky bar in central Beijing in 2017. The announcement from Pickering\u00a1\u00afs Gin closely follows the launch of direct Hainan Airlines flights between Beijing and Edinburgh, and an initiative in Edinburgh to ensure local businesses offer Chinese visitors a warm welcome.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Two Sino-US direct flights will stop in October, hampered by rising fuel costs, fierce competition, and slowing travel demand due to trade friction between China and the United States, industry experts said. On Tuesday, Dallas-based American Airlines said it would stop flying the route between Chicago and Shanghai, after cutting direct flights between Chicago and Beijing in May, citing higher fuel costs and a \"competitive environment\". \"Our Chicago-Shanghai service is unprofitable and simply not sustainable in this high fuel cost environment, when we have opportunities to be successful in other markets,\" said Vasu Raja, vice-president of network and schedule planning of American Airlines. The largest US carrier by passengers said in a statement that it would seek a US Department of Transportation waiver to allow a return to the market once conditions improve. The airline also said it hoped to find new ways of cooperation once the new Beijing airport in Daxing district starts operations by next year. Besides, it is launching nine new routes, and these are mainly direct flights between the US and Europe. Meanwhile, Hawaiian Airlines, which operates direct flights between Beijing and Honolulu three times a week, announced on Wednesday that it would close the service after the weeklong National Day holiday in October. This is the only Sino-US direct flight currently operated by Hawaiian Airlines, and it said in the statement that those who have booked flights after October could get full refunds. \"The fuel costs have surged. In July, fuel costs jumped about 40 percent compared with the same time last year, and the cost pressure of intercontinental flights is significant,\" said Lin Zhijie, an aviation industry analyst and columnist at Carnoc, one of China's largest civil aviation websites. \"The flights between major Chinese cities and the US are quite saturated. US carriers are at certain disadvantages, as the majority of demand increment comes from outbound Chinese travelers. Most Chinese passengers tend to buy flight tickets from Chinese airlines, and US carriers don't benefit much from that, they may adjust their strategies to other routes,\" he said. He added that the ongoing trade tensions between the world's largest two economies may affect business travel. In addition, business and tourism visa approvals have become tighter, therefore travel demand growth is likely to slow down. Still, United Airlines and Hainan Airlines operate direct flights between Chicago and Beijing. United Airlines, Delta Airlines and China Eastern Airlines offer direct flights between Chicago and Shanghai. American Airlines continues to operate flights between China and Los Angeles and Dallas. In addition, United Airlines canceled its direct flights between Hangzhou and San Francisco last year, only one year after it launched the service, as the nearby airports in Shanghai took away some customers.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Companies from China and the United States will discuss details to jointly develop the Belt and Road Initiative and the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank in November in Washington as the two governments re-engage in dialogue to resolve trade disputes, business leaders said on Wednesday. Jeremie Waterman, president of the China Center of the US Chamber of Commerce, said the chamber will engage with the AIIB as it already has many members from different continents and is supportive of the Belt and Road Initiative. \"There is no doubt that infrastructure construction is critical to the development of the Belt and Road Initiative,\" he said. \"We really want to know where the opportunities are.\" Waterman confirmed that a number of Chinese companies will visit the US to discuss details of cooperation and discover new growth points from both the Belt and Road Initiative and financial sector with US businesses in November. He said this at a news conference after the 10th round of dialogue between Chinese and US business leaders and former officials held from Tuesday to Wednesday in Beijing. In the meantime, Chinese President Xi Jinping's special envoy and Vice-Premier Liu He arrived in Washington on Tuesday afternoon for economic and trade consultations with the US side at the invitation of the US government. The Washington-headquartered US Chamber of Commerce is one of the world's largest business organizations representing the interests of more than 3 million businesses of all sizes, sectors and regions. Wei Jianguo, former vice-minister of commerce, said as the world's two biggest economies, the US and China are intensely interdependent and intertwined, and it is inevitable that any protective trade measures that are put in place will hurt the global value chain. \"Supported by each other's technologies and huge consumption power, both sides have big potential to jointly develop fast-growing industries such as intelligent manufacturing, 5G, big data and cloud technologies, virtual reality and 3D printing,\" he added. \"Many people in the US thought they had been helping China all the time, but actually we also did a lot,\" Yuan Yafei, chairman of private conglomerate Sanpower Group, said. Yuan's company employs more than 5,500 US citizens and has created more than 30,000 indirect jobs for the country. Yuan said his businesses in the US currently are not being heavily influenced by the ongoing trade disputes between the two sides. \"However, some components shipped from China were delayed. The US customs began to check these products for some reasons, so the process was not as smooth as it was in the past. But I think this should be temporary,\" he said.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "People from southeastern China are the most satisfied with their lives, while urban dwellers with high salaries have the lowest happiness levels, a recent report has found.  The report, published by a team from Tsinghua University, ranks the happiness of people living in China's major cities using a happiness index, calculated by analyzing posts on social media, including Weibo, last year.  Positive words in the posts add to the index, while negative ones reduce it, according to Beijing News.  All the first-tier cities \u00a1\u00aa Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou and Shenzhen \u00a1\u00aa fail to make the top 100. Beijing is in 273rd place, near the bottom, while Luzhou, an inland city in Sichuan province, tops the list.  Richer people are not necessarily happier, the report concludes. In regions with a per capita GDP lower than 45,000 yuan ($6,900), people are happier as the economy develops. Once per capita GDP passes 45,000 yuan, people become less satisfied with their lives, it said. ", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "A typical photo of a successful Chinese businessmen in the 1980s often featured a brick-sized prototype mobile phone. Such phones were too big to conceal in the palm of one's hand and could do nothing except make and receive calls. But it highlights that when mobile communication services were first brought to China, they were positioned as a luxury service. After decades of development, however, smartphones are becoming omnipresent in the country, and can help users do almost everything from buying movie tickets to booking medical appointment. Behind the popularity of mobile services across China stands a company that has also evolved from a little player into the world's largest telecom operator: China Mobile Communications Group Co Ltd. As of October, the Beijing-based company has more than 900 million mobile subscribers. It was just 31 years after a mobile telecom service was first enabled in the Chinese mainland in 1987 to help people in Guangdong province communicate with those in Hong Kong and Macao. Now after building the world's largest 4G network, China Mobile is scrambling to establish a beachhead in the upcoming 5G era, in which almost everything can be connected to the internet. Shang Bing, chairman of China Mobile, said the company intends to build a globally leading fifth generation network by combining 5G mobile communication technology with artificial intelligence and cloud technology. \"We will focus on standalone 5G network structure, push forward the cloud deployment of superfast technology and build an intelligent network by boosting operational efficiency with AI,\" Shang added. The company has already played a significant role in the finalization of the first phase of global 5G standards, which kicked off the home stretch toward commercial 5G services. That's part of its broader push for 5G pre-commercial use in 2019 and commercialization in 2020. The fifth-generation mobile communication technology is expected to be at least 10 times faster than 4G and can enable movie downloads in seconds. In the first half of next year, China Mobile will also launch 5G smartphones, said Li Huidi, vice-president of the major telecommunication carrier. Such eagerness and determination to experiment with new things is well demonstrated by China Mobile's development in the past decades. It was the first Chinese mainland telecom player to get listed on overseas trading platforms, going public in Hong Kong and New York in 1997. China Mobile was also among the first batch of State-owned companies to hire popular stars to be its brand ambassadors. In the 2000s, it courted Jay Chou to represent its new brand M-zone to expand its appeal among young people. Zhang Wentao, a 26-year-old bank employee, said China's huge telecom transformation is evidently mirrored in his experience at train stations. He remembered clearly how painstaking it was to go home during the Spring Festival travel rush in the past. He had to stand in a long line for hours outside a train station on a freezing and windy day to just get a ticket from Chongqing to his hometown of Nanchang in Jiangxi province. But now all he needs to get a ticket is to use his smartphone. With quick taps on a mobile app, he can now book a ticket, make payments and even order takeout food and have it delivered to his high-speed train seat. \"When I pass through ticket checks at stations, I no longer need to wait in long, meandering queues, because artificial-intelligence-powered (monitors at the) gates can verify my face and let me pass through in three to five seconds,\" Zhang said. \"I know the pre-requisite for all these services is good network infrastructure. And that is what China's telecom companies have provided,\" Zhang added.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "BEIJING -- Beijing's subsidiary administrative center aims to build seven major industrial clusters by 2025. Sitting in Tongzhou District, east of the capital, the sub-center aims to build seven industrial clusters each worth several hundred billion yuan, officials said at the ongoing legislative and political advisory sessions of Tongzhou District. The industrial clusters will involve headquarters economy, finance management, cultural tourism, culture and technology development, cutting-edge chip-making, IT software building and intelligent manufacturing. Currently, the district is stepping up construction on business, cultural tourism, and technology and innovation parks. Beijing is shifting some of its administrative functions out of the city center into Tongzhou to help address problems including traffic congestion and air pollution.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "In 2015, the number of Chinese tourists to Israel was just over 30,000, while in 2017 and 2018, more than 100,000 tourists from China visited Israel. One of the key reasons for the increase in Chinese tourists to Israel is the introduction of direct flights between the two countries. There are currently direct flights from Shanghai, Beijing, Guangzhou, Chengdu and Hong Kong to Tel Aviv, with more direct flights expected to be launched in 2019. Israel has also opened visa centers in Beijing, Shanghai and Guangzhou, with one more due to open in Chengdu. The centers will promote and expand Chinese tourism to Israel. In addition, the Israeli Ministry of Tourism opened its second representative office in China in Guangzhou, with the first office already operating in Beijing. The ministry says that, according to the United Nations World Tourism Organization, Chinese tourists are by far the top spenders. Inside Israel, the ministry has taken steps to make the Chinese tourists feel more comfortable, such as bringing Chinese celebrity chefs to give cooking courses. Moreover, Israel has increased the number of Chinese-speaking tour guides, launched a Chinese-language website, and provided signage, maps and other materials in Chinese at major tourist sites. Also, many Israeli guides have traveled to China for the purpose of learning the language and culture of their potential Chinese clients. Furthermore, Israel will soon launch WeChat and Alipay to facilitate access to digital payment for Chinese tourists. Multiple-entry visas for up to 10 years are now available for Chinese visitors, instead of the previous three-month visas. The procedures are part of the measures Israel has taken to remove obstacles that slow down growth of tourism from China. \"Israeli hotels have made changes for Chinese travelers,\" says Zohar Marom, head of the incoming division at Amsalem Business Travel, the largest privately owned travel company in Israel. Marom says that the Israeli tourism industry puts a lot of effort into making Chinese guests feel at home, including \"a Chinese breakfast corner\" in many hotels. Some hotels offer Chinese TV channels and Chinese tea. And tourist sites have started to offer brochures in Chinese and Chinese-speaking guides. Staffers at some major retail stores are learning to speak Chinese to showcase the features of the products to the Chinese tourists, says Ayal Segal, a regional manager at Kayak.com, a global online travel company. According to Israeli tourism authorities, Chinese tourists prefer their first visit to be the \"must-see\" places, such as Jerusalem, the Dead Sea and Tel Aviv. They also like to visit historical sites they have read about in books. The Chinese find many similarities between themselves and the Israelis, especially in the open nature of communication and culture, the authorities say. In addition, Chinese tourists are fascinated by Israeli innovation, technology and education, as well as a curiosity about spirituality and Jewish wisdom. A significant portion of the worldwide diamond industry is housed in Israel, and it creates an opportunity for Chinese customers to purchase discounted jewelry, Segal adds. Israel attracted more than 4 million tourists in 2018, which injected about $6 billion into the Israeli economy", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Chinese actor Ge You has won a lawsuit against a travel company that used his image without permission. The image used by the company was taken from the sitcom  and shows Ge lazing on a couch. The photograph has also become a Chinese Internet meme known as \"Ge You-esque slouching\" and is used by netizens to express their laziness. Beijing-based travel company eLong was found to use the photo and other Ge portraits for advertising a garment brand on a company social network account in July 2016, according to a statement by the Beijing Municipal First Intermediate People's Court on Saturday. The company mentioned Ge's name several times by saying \"Ge You-esque slouching\" in photo captions, according to the statement.,After a complaint by the actor, eLong deleted the photos in August 2016 and issued an open letter of apology in December of the same year. Ge believed the apology was another form of commercial promotion, and filed a lawsuit against the company at the Haidian District People's Court. In the first instance, the Haidian court ruled that eLong must pay compensation of 75,000 yuan ($11,842) and apologize to Ge for infringement of image rights. The municipal court accepted eLong's appeal in January, but ultimately backed the Haidian court ruling. Ge You is a household name in China. His films include \"If you are the one,\" \"Sacrifice\" and \"Be there or be square.\" ", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Canon Medical Systems (China) Co, the medical equipment arm of Canon Inc, has set up a research center in China with over 100 laboratory technicians, and has plans to establish one more such facility. Canon Medical executives said they are driven by optimism that the Chinese market will offer many opportunities to further explore applications of artificial intelligence or AI in medical imaging solutions. They said demand for quality healthcare is rising among China's growing middle-income earners and a section of the population that is aging. Matsuoka Shin, president and CEO of Canon Medical, said the company, formerly known as Toshiba Medical Systems Corp, is seeking steady and sustainable growth in the world's second-largest economy. Camera producer Canon Inc recently announced in Beijing the official corporate name change of its medical devices unit, which was acquired from Toshiba Corp for 665.5 billion yen ($5.9 billion) in 2016. The Beijing-based company has the ability to enter China's medical market at a fast pace, by maximizing the combination of both its rich management resources in the local market and cutting-edge technologies like sensors and inkjet printing techniques, Shin said at a recent news conference. Since its establishment in 1930, Canon Medical Systems has introduced a number of leading medical systems in partnership with its customers worldwide. With its global sales and service network, it conducts business around the world, mainly providing diagnostic imaging systems to about 140 countries and regions. In China, Canon Medical has been enhancing efforts to stay at the forefront of applying AI in medical imaging solutions, said Yue Changhai, its senior vice-president. According to Yue, Canon Medical started to give priority to research and development as early as four years ago, and has set up in China a R&D team dedicated to AI. \"We are planning to establish another R&D and training center in China, with reach to Asian areas, in order to meet the research and clinical needs,\" Yue told China Daily on the sidelines of the news conference. The annual output of China's medical devices segment rose 13 percent year-on-year to 276.5 billion yuan ($43.98 billion) in 2016, according to data compiled by the China Association for the Medical Devices Industry. The growth rate of China's medical devices output was much higher than that of the global market, said Zhao Changshan, chairman of Zhongguancun Development Group. He made the remarks at the Design of Medical Devices Conference in Beijing last November. China has become the world's second-largest medical equipment market, followed by the United States, Zhao was quoted as saying by Stdaily.com, an affiliate of Science and Technology Daily.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "\"Beijing School\", a public school designed to offer 12 years of education in a row covering elementary, middle high and senior high sections, started construction on Saturday in Lucheng town, Tongzhou district, the capital's sub-center, marking an important step in the construction of educational facilities in the area. Covering an area of around 20 hectares and adjacent to the core of Tongzhou, when complete it will widen access to school for the children living in this district and of families who move to Tongzhou due to relocated non-capital functions. \"Beijing School will adopt a new school system to provide 12 years of education in a row. We may shorten or prolong the length of schooling at different stages and make the textbooks of different grades better connected\", said Gao Chao, who is in charge of setting up the school. \"The school recruited over 100 graduates as teachers starting two years ago, most with a master's degree or a Ph.D. They are now teaching at other schools to improve themselves and gain experience,\" he added. Plans for Beijing School include 48 classrooms for the elementary section, 30 for lower secondary and 30 for upper secondary. The elementary section of the school, in the north part of the blueprint, was the first to be built and is projected to be completed next July and start enrollment next September. By the end of 2019, the construction of the secondary section, in the south part of the blueprint, would also come to an end. \"Beijing School will be a new example for promoting the all-around development of students, offer a test field for educational policies, establish a reputation for excellent education quality and build up a pool of talented teachers\", said Wang Qiang, deputy-director of the Beijing Municipal Commission of Development and Reform. A \"shared-by-all\" area that functions as a sports center, a cultural exchange venue and arts hub is to be built in the middle of the school and opened to nearby residents. People living in Tongzhou are expected to \"share\" the sports stadium to play basketball, badminton, table tennis and hockey, and theater in the school on weekends. The construction of Beijing School will be fully funded by the Beijing municipal government.", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "Wang Ning has worked in the Xiongan New Area, a new economic zone in North China, for nearly two years and expects to become a permanent Xiongan resident in the future. Wang, 35, considers herself a \"Xiongpiao\" - a term she created based on \"Beipiao\", a description of outsiders who live and work in Beijing but do not have permanent residency. The accountant at China Railway Xiongan Construction Co came to Xiongan in July 2017, three months after the new area was established in Hebei province. She left behind a new apartment and a stable life 1,300 kilometers away in Harbin, Heilongjiang province, in Northeast China. Wang is one of the company's 300 employees in Xiongan, 200 of whom are from outside the area. What has attracted them to the huge new economic zone is their belief in the rosy prospects for the Xiongan New Area. \"I came with determination because Xiongan will be one of China's most developed cities in the future, with the best public services,\" said Wang, who lives with her family in a rented house in the area's Rongcheng county. By 2035, Xiongan will be built into a high-level modern city that will be green, livable, smart and innovation-driven, with convenient transportation, modern infrastructure and high-quality public services, according to an overall development plan cited by Xinhua News Agency. Located about 100 kilometers southwest of Beijing, Xiongan was set up in April 2017, covering three counties in Hebei. Its establishment was a key move in China's national strategy for the coordinated development of the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region. Its main task is to take on Beijing's noncapital functions, including universities, research institutes, medical institutions, corporate headquarters, and financial and public institutions. The new area can thereby help the capital to ease big city malaise issues such as swelling population and heavy traffic, while Beijing can strengthen its role as a political, cultural, international communication and innovation center. \"The key for the coordinated development of the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region is to relieve Beijing of noncapital functions and build the Xiongan New Area with a high standard,\" according to this year's Government Work Report, which was delivered by Premier Li Keqiang on March 5 to the annual plenary session of the National People's Congress, China's top legislature. The bright future of Xiongan has attracted numerous \"Xiongpiao\" like Wang Ning, as well as enterprises that are in line with the area's development direction. More than 230 corporations from Beijing have transferred to the new area during the past two years, according to Wang Dongfeng, secretary of the Communist Party of China Hebei Provincial Committee. Among them is Beijing Eyecool Technology Co, a biometric identification company that moved its headquarters from the Zhongguancun technology hub in Beijing to Xiongan in September. According to company General Manager Zhang Jin, it has started to provide biometric identification services, including facial-scanning access control systems and smart payment systems, in the Xiongan Citizen Service Center and Aowei Mansion, two major locations for local government and company offices. \"We are fortunate to become one of the high-tech companies that have settled down in the new area,\" Zhang said. Plans for Xiongan envision it becoming a world-class, innovation-driven city with the layout of high-end and high-tech industries, such as the new generation of information technology, modern life science and biotechnology, new materials, high-end modern services and green ecological agriculture, People's Daily reported. \"While keeping the acceptance of noncapital functions from Beijing as the top priority, Xiongan also eyes the world to absorb innovation resources, especially those Beijing doesn't have yet,\" Wang Dongfeng, the Hebei Party chief, said during the recent two sessions, the annual plenary meetings of the nation's top legislative and political advisory bodies. According to Chen Gang, Party chief of Xiongan, a total of 31 plans for the area have been finalized, including an overall plan, a plan for the protection of Baiyangdian - a wetland lake in the area - and 26 plans for various fields such as flood control, anti-seismic measures and comprehensive transportation. Two years after the zone's establishment, the new area has now shifted its focus from preliminary plans to construction. \"Xiongan is about to reach the full-scale construction stage, and we need to implement the blueprint thoroughly,\" Chen said last month. China Xiongan Group, a State-owned company established in 2017 for Xiongan's development, has made about 30 announcements on its website since September for bids to carry out projects. The projects include the construction of green belts, waste treatment facilities, rail transit stations, urban roads, pipe network systems, offices and hotels. According to the overall plan, by 2022 the construction of infrastructure will be basically completed and the appearance of an urban area will be initially formed, Xinhua reported. President Xi Jinping emphasized \"Xiongan quality\" in February last year, saying the area must become a model of high-quality development for the country. Chen, the Xiongan Party chief, said, \"In the full-scale construction stage, we must stick to scientific construction and strengthen whole-process supervision to ensure the quality of projects.\" Wu Hequan, deputy director of the Council of Experts for Coordinated Development of the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei Region, told Xinhua that transferring Beijing's noncapital functions is the key test of whether the coordinated development of the region is going smoothly. Chen said improving public services will be one of the first tasks undertaken to make sure that such functions develop well in Xiongan. Chen said several schools and medical institutions from Beijing and Tianjin have started to plan projects in the area. Wang Ning, the accountant, said she will stay in Xiongan because the education for her 10-year-old daughter is gradually improving, as are other public services.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Kindergarten heads and teachers in Beijing have completed government-provided security training to improve safety for young children, local authorities said. It's the first time that such training has covered all private kindergarten headmasters, said Li Yi, deputy director of the Beijing Municipal Education Commission. The training, which is intended to improve the management of the capital's kindergartens, started in the wake of alleged child abuse at privately owned Beijing RYB kindergarten in Chaoyang district's Xintiandi community in November last year. \"It's vital to establish professional institutions to provide training to kindergarten staff,\" said Chu Zhaohui, a senior researcher at the National Institute of Education Sciences. Because many kindergarten teachers have a poor attendance rate and low academic qualifications, the best way to solve the problem is to provide professional guidance, Chu said. Kindergarten teacher training in the capital, starting in late June, included risk prevention, workplace ethics and management, as well as laws and regulations covering kindergartens. More than 3,000 kindergarten principals in Beijing took part in the training. Heads and members of teaching staffs from all of the capital's kindergartens are required to complete 30 hours of training, which includes an eight-hour face-to-face component and 22 hours of online courses, according to the education commission. The alleged child abuse at the Xintiandi branch of RYB kindergarten resulted in formal charges in May against a Beijing preschool teacher identified only as Liu from Hebei province. The suspect was detained on Dec 29 and accused of using needles to \"discipline\" her students. The allegations prompted a citywide inspection of kindergartens in November last year, and the city's education commission ordered all institutions to take immediate steps to reduce potential risks. Under new regulations, surveillance cameras will be required to cover all public areas in the capital's kindergartens. Safety education courses and emergency evacuation drills will also be carried out regularly to improve children's ability to protect themselves.", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "You have probably heard of KFC. But in the internet lexicon, that catchphrase does not refer to the famous US fried chicken chain. It represents the initials of the slogan: \"Kaobei (the pinyin for copy) from China\".  Clearly, the country's shift from creating so-called technology clones to a genuine innovation powerhouse is no longer an aspiration, but a fact.  Case in point: Chinese e-commerce players not only generate big numbers in sheer transaction volume online but reshape the manufacturing process based on personalized needs and move to revamp physical retailing. This would help them gain an advantage over international rivals such as Amazon and eBay, which have just put stakes in this area.  Also, mobile wallets, initially designed to facilitate online transactions alone, have now penetrated civic services and wealth management, streamlining administration and enhancing efficiency. The likes of Alipay and WeChat Pay would not have envisioned to expand into a territory in an unprecedented scale and depth that was once dominated by the government and the elusive financial sector.  Indeed, China is already more digitized than many observers appreciate and has the potential to set the digital frontier in the coming decades.  Digital economy - one that features the use of the internet, cloud computing, big data, artificial intelligence in a variety of sectors - would contribute to 70 percent of the newly-added economic output this year. According to Tencent chairman Pony Ma, the digital economy will be key to helping China become a leading world power and enter the fourth industrial revolution.  Such ambition is best exemplified by numbers. According to global consultancy McKinsey, China is among the top three in the world for venture capital investment in key types of digital technology, from virtual reality, robotics to autonomous driving and 3-D printing. It dwarfed the United States as the biggest retail market last year, and seized a whopping 40 percent of global e-commerce transactions, up from a mere 1 percent a decade ago; One in three of the world's 262 unicorns (startups valued at over $1 billion) is Chinese, commanding 43 percent of the global value of these companies.  The list may go on, but the potential remains huge. Boston Consulting Group predicts that China's internet boom is likely to gather pace on the back of widespread mobile connectivity, the ability of China's biggest internet players to innovate quickly and its massive number of internet users who are keen to try out novel digital applications.  Among all these factors, government support is the key. As the export-led manufacturing model will inevitably run out of steam, new wealth and sustained growth can only be achieved from the innovation of industry through the application of information technology.  By mapping out plans and introducing incentives, the government has played an active role in building world-class infrastructure to support digitization and further drive the sector's development.  With the mantra of every corner in China today being \"innovation\" and \"entrepreneurship\", people have come to enjoy the perks of receiving parcels within 12 hours of an order being placed, unlocking a shared bike with a phone, and paying with your face at a cashier-less coffee booth.  Apart from subtle enhancements in life, internet has taken on more noble undertakings. Companies help farmers peddle their produce through e-commerce platforms and predict sales using algorithms and data analytics. Alibaba said 33 million people have thus become self-employed using its platforms, which is in line with the broad national goal of poverty reduction.  Besides, Beijing has envisioned linking up its manufacturing and infrastructure through the resource and logistical efficiency enabled by the internet. Major cloud operators are building industrial big data platforms for Chinese manufacturers that can connect their facilities globally. Using predictive analysis, such platforms can detect, avert or tackle glitches in real time, improving efficiency.  Finally, Chinese are conferring internet business models and know-hows to foreign players. From Singapore to Seattle to Sydney, consumers celebrate online shopping sprees, swipe virtual credit cards and ride shared bikes that all contain the Chinese gene.  Internet has indeed made the world flatter. China's experience show that it can be harnessed to enrich, enchant, entertain and empower a society, and perhaps beyond. ", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "Editor's note: This is the last story in a series reflecting China's achievements in a range of fields, including science, law enforcement, education and transportation, resulting from 40 years of the reform and opening-up policy. Surrounded by obsolete objects, Song Zhenzhong, a small man in a red traditional jacket, excitedly explained how to operate the \"antiques\" to a group of primary school students. That was in October, when Song held an exhibition of outdated objects at a library in Beijing's Dongcheng district. Daily necessities marking changes in China, ranging from rice coupons to black-and-white televisions, were displayed to illustrate the advances that have occurred in the past 40 years. For older observers, the objects brought back memories, while the younger ones enjoyed an eye-opening glimpse of the past. Song's event was one of several he has held this year to mark the 40th anniversary of the reform and opening-up policy. The 55-year-old is a sixth-generation descendant of the Manchu Eight Banners, an administrative division of the Qing Dynasty (1644-1911), in Beijing. His parents made a living by dipping strings of candied haws in sugar and selling them on the streets. Having learned the tricks of the trade, Song helped his parents in their work and excelled at peddling the candies. He started collecting curios as a hobby at age 13, and now owns four museums that contain items such as bronze mirrors and headwear dating from the Qin Dynasty (221-206 BC) to the Qing. The exhibition in October, which centered on objects related to people's daily lives, was one of more than 10 events he has held this year to display his vast collection. \"It's meaningless to deliver lectures via computers because it is not perceptual at all. These outmoded objects, which appeared after the 1970s, are just a small part of my collection. As someone who grew up in a traditional Beijing alleyway, I want to make a contribution to traditional culture and leave something for my descendants,\" he said. The internet has made it easy for collectors to obtain discarded former necessities.,In the days when China operated a planned economy, people used a variety of coupons to obtain everything from food to appliances. Food coupons were among the first batch of negotiable securities issued by the government. From the 1950s to the '80s, a period of severe shortages, the coupons ensured that every family received its fair allocation of food. \"My grandfather and I waited in line to buy rice coupons on the 24th of each month with the salary my mom got the same day. We had to allocate the rice carefully or we wouldn't have enough to eat,\" said Wang Yuxia, a 60-something who grew up in Beijing. \"The monthly supply was recorded in a notebook that showed the amount of rice and oil each family bought. Four of us ate 59 kilograms a month,\" she added, noting that the entries end in June 1993. As living standards improved - the per capita disposable income of urban residents rose to 25,974 yuan ($3,770) last year from 171 yuan in 1978 - rice coupons gradually disappeared from daily life. \"Cash replacing coupons as a form of payment was not a sudden change but a gradual process. I remember using rice coupons and cash together to buy food,\" Wang said. \"Now we buy goods via mobile payment. I can buy groceries without taking cash with me when I walk around after dinner. It's far more convenient than using rice coupons.\" A recent report from the National Bureau of Statistics shows that China's Engel coefficient, a measure of food expenditure as a proportion of total household spending, fell to 29.3 percent last year, nearly 35 percent lower than in 1978, indicating the rise in living standards.,Four decades of reform and opening-up have seen higher living standards and helped China to become the world's second-largest economy. The NBS said GDP has risen from 370 billion yuan in 1978 to almost 83 trillion yuan last year. According to people.cn, the annual growth rate was 14.5 percent, and last year, China accounted for 16 percent of the global economy, compared with 1.8 percent in 1978. Li Yan, a 45-year-old consultant in the field of information and communications technology in Beijing, was among the visitors at Song's exhibition. \"Foreign products flowing into the country had a huge impact - boosting innovation, both in products and ideas,\" she said. Reflecting on the most impressive change for her in the past 40 years, Li plumped for the improvement in the transportation network. \"Back in my school days, we used student tickets when we took a bus to school, but they only arrived every 30 minutes in the morning. The infrequent, crowded buses made attending school very difficult,\" she said. During the past four decades, transportation payment systems were upgraded from paper tickets to travel cards, and today smartphone apps provide convenience when using public transportation. Public vehicles have improved, too. Last year, Beijing Public Transport owned and operated 26,363 public vehicles, compared with 3,315 in 1978. Moreover, 739 routes have been added to the 119 that operated in 1978. Li said that when she first visited Europe 20 years ago, she was shocked by the advanced subway and high-speed rail networks. \"However, I recently returned from a business trip to Italy. My assistant asked me not to tease her about their subway systems. She was worried that people from China would find the networks old-fashioned because China's rate of development is much faster,\" she said. Visitors to Song's exhibition stopped to view items that caught their eye, especially those connected to their younger selves. A dusty abacus in a corner attracted the attention of accountant Yin Mingxian. Though computers and mobile phones are universally popular nowadays, the simple counting frame invented during the Song Dynasty (960-1279) is still used because of its accuracy and convenience. \"When I started my first job in the 1990s, we had had calculators, but I still used an abacus because I regarded it as much more accurate,\" she said, with a laugh. \"Veteran accountants preferred the old-fashioned abacus in particular. Today all companies use computers to do their accounts.\",The Chinese abacus, zhusuan, was listed as an intangible cultural heritage at the eighth annual UNESCO World Heritage Congress in 2013. Yin's son, who was born in 1995, showed little interest in his mother's work items, but he could not take his eyes off several tape recorders. \"We listened to tapes in English class, like all children at the time,\" he said. His peer, Li Yimeng, a 20-something who has just gained a master's, has a special feeling for tapes and recorders: \"The tapes matched my Chinese and English textbooks, and I listened to them every day during middle school.\" In 1963, the role of tapes was expanded from data storage to playing music, and they were later replaced by MP3, MP4 and mobile phones. \"I can recall the lyrics and text shining on the screen of the MP3 and MP4 players as I listened to music and read stories from textbooks,\" Li Yimeng recalled. \"Now, all you need is a smartphone, which gives everyone access to learning materials anywhere. People don't have to sift through tapes and play them in order, which saves time. As technology progressed rapidly, tape recorders faded out of our lives,\" she said. During the exhibition's opening ceremony, visitors were each given a string of candied haws made by Song to revive a favorite childhood taste. However, he wasn't trying to show off his skills by filling the room with fragrant smells and sweet flavors. Instead, he simply wanted to attract more children to the event so they could see the redundant items. \"I don't feel privileged about my family background, and I have never thought of making a fortune from my collection. I love traditional culture and my original inspiration was to spread it by collecting as many old-fashioned objects as possible and showing them to people to illustrate the country's rich culture,\" he said.", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "A female passenger has sued a local railway authority for allowing passengers to smoke on trains, and a railway transport court held a hearing Wednesday on the case. The Beijing Railway Transport Court held the hearing for a female passenger surnamed Li suing Harbin Railway Bureau. Li was traveling June 9 from Beijing to Tianjin on train K1301 operated by Harbin Railway Bureau when she noticed lots of passengers smoking between the two carriages, though the company's safety tips clearly state that smoking is banned everywhere on the train. After filing a series of complaints that generated no useful response, Li decided to sue, demanding compensation for her ticket, valued at 102.5 yuan ($13), her legal expenses, and 1 yuan as compensation for her mental suffering. She also demanded that the Harbin Railway Bureau issue a smoking ban on train K1301 - which is not a high-speed train - as well as on the platforms of the Beijing and Tianjin railway stations, in addition to removing the smoking areas and ashtrays. In the court, the defendant argued that the case was a dispute of transportation contract in name only and was essentially a public interest lawsuit. It demanded the court dismiss Li's request since her claim did not meet the conditions in each case. Harbin Railway Bureau believed that it had fulfilled its contract obligations as the passenger was transported to her destination safely. Setting up smoking areas and ashtrays is a humanized management measure instead of a violation of law. \"The complete ban of smoking on regular trains that often take 30 hours to finish a journey is unrealistic, \" according to a Harbin Railway Bureau agent. \"Otherwise some people would smoke in the carriages, which is much more dangerous.\"", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "DALIAN - With renewed pledges to transition its economy and defend free and fair trade, China has reasserted its role as an anchor of growth and globalization in front of the world's political and business leaders who assembled in Dalian to draw a blueprint for an inclusive future. From Tuesday to Thursday, around 1,500 politicians, officials, entrepreneurs, scholars and media representatives from more than 90 countries and regions discussed topics from inclusive growth to the new industrial revolution at the Annual Meeting of the New Champions 2017, also called the Summer Davos. Established by the World Economic Forum (WEF) in 2007, the summer forum is held each year in China, alternating between the port cities of Dalian and Tianjin. With the quickest GDP increase for 18 months in the first quarter of this year, China is making efforts needed to put flagging global growth back on track. \"China's growth is an incredible contribution to the global economy,\" said Klaus Schwab, the WEF's founder and executive chairman. China has been a major stabilizer and driving force for the world economy, contributing more than 30 percent of recent growth. GDP in the first quarter grew 6.9 percent year-on-year from the same period in 2016. Premier Li Keqiang, addressing the opening of the gathering, said the economy has become more stable and sustainable through steady transformation. China took neither strong stimulus measures nor followed the old investment-driven, resource-reliant path, but strived to innovate and reform in its economic shift to consumption and the service industry, Li said. Official data showed that consumption contributed 64.6 percent of GDP in 2016, while the tertiary sector accounted for 51.6 percent. From bike sharing to mobile payments to e-commerce, China's nascent emerging sectors and enthusiasm for innovation are underpinning inclusive growth. New momentum, including new industries and new business models, contributed around 70 percent of all new urban jobs last year, said the premier. \"China is undoubtedly the leader in the sharing economy, which injects new vitality into the broader growth and helps reforms,\" said Ge Hong, Airbnb vice-president. The home-sharing company remains upbeat about the Chinese market and economy with plans to increase its presence this year. The Summer Davos has been held in China for a decade and shows China is no longer an economy based on manufacturing but has great potential to move very fast into the era of the fourth industrial revolution, Schwab said. China will continue to maintain medium-high growth with its huge market potential and creativity from a population of more than 1.3 billion, the premier said. The premier believes that in the short term, the economy is resilient and this years' growth target\u00a3\u00adaround 6.5 percent\u00a3\u00adis attainable. Financial institutions, including the International Monetary Fund, have upgraded their forecast for China, encouraged by new impetus and progress in economic re-balancing. Li Daokui, an economist at Tsinghua University, is optimistic, predicting growth will accelerate in 2018 with rising private investment and improved government efficiency. As protectionism rises, the forum in Dalian is an opportunity for inspiration. Premier Li said in his speech that countries must safeguard economic globalization to achieve inclusive growth, Globalization means the free flow of merchandise, capital and human resources, creating a bigger market and more choice for consumers that benefit all countries, he said. The problems facing different countries are not due to globalization itself, but because of their inability to address it, he noted. \"It does not make sense to blame a rough road and stop moving if I sprain my ankle.\" Defending the authority and effectiveness of multilateralism, the premier said no country should impose unilateral rules on others, or politicize fair trade. David Wu, senior partner of PwC China's Beijing branch, pointed to China as a staunch defender of economic globalization. Inclusive growth that China has been championing is an effective solution to the difficulties facing globalization and the world economy, Wu told Xinhua after the opening ceremony. China will expand market access in the service and manufacturing sectors, relax restrictions on foreign ownership, and treat Chinese and foreign companies on an equal basis, Premier Li said. To make it easier for foreigners to set up enterprises, in some cities Chinese, foreign companies already go through registration procedures at the same window, Li said. \"All companies that are registered in China will be eligible to enjoy the same supportive policies which China makes, in accordance with WTO rules, to push forward the 'Made in China 2025' strategy and promote innovation,\" he said. Wu said companies of all countries could share the opportunities provided by the Chinese economy.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "  Taking up art for a livelihood is more than just striking a brush on canvas. Lin Qi reports.  A degree from an art college does not always mean that you embark upon a path to become a successful artist. Ins d, it simply means that you have entered a very competitive arena, and that you have to survive a rather high rejection rate.  \"A lot of people will quit in the first five years after college, when they cannot support themselves, or they can find no support from outside,\" says Wang Meichen, 34.  She graduated with a master's degree in oil painting from Tsinghua University's arts and design academy in June.  \"I told my mom that I would concentrate so much on painting that I may not have time to have children. She is OK with it because I have a sister who is married.  \"Many talented girls get married and give up art after having a child. I feel sorry for them,\" says Wang.  \"Once you stop it is unlikely you will restart.\"  Her wish to be a painter is so strong that Wang gave up a job as a product designer three years ago. She felt that the work was becoming routine.      Then, when she enrolled at Tsinghua she found she was not well prepared for the new environment.  \"Many of my postgraduate classmates had studied oil painting before,\" says Wang.  \"I felt huge pressure, so for the first year I did not paint at all but tried to carve out a niche that could create a clear path for my future.\"  She adopted an abstract approach. And for the remaining two years she says she painted from morning until 11 pm, almost every day.  Many students of painting now incorporate installation and mixed media into their creations, making their work eye-catching.  Wang says she is not against the trend but is more fascinated with painting and the challenge it brings.  \"Skills and vibrant colors don't necessarily make a great piece.  \"It is what an artist wants to express that really matters, even though sometimes he or she is not understood by others.  \"And that is the best thing I've learned at Tsinghua.\"An artist's confidence, however, needs to pass the viewers' test.  The first test for art graduates these days is the graduation exhibition.  Over the last decade, leading fine arts colleges like Wang's alma mater and the Central Academy of Fine Arts in   have turned graduation exhibitions into a carnival for dealers, critics, collectors and ordinary viewers.  Wang says viewers wait in long lines to see the graduation shows, and their taste is both international and diverse.  She feels that more people now accept abstract art than they did a decade ago.  \"They don't ask questions like 'What exactly did you paint'. They say, 'I like your paintings. They look great'.\"  She says the average price for oil paintings at the show, set by the school, was 20,000 yuan ($2,900) per square meter.  She sold three abstract works at the show and so did many students from the painting department.  \"It was a little surprising and a good start for me.\"  She says many buyers were from furnishing companies and fancy clubs, who were scouting for artworks for decoration.  \"The prices are not a problem for them. They want works that are both decorative and worth collecting. Some of them have studied art.\"  Young artists rarely face survival issues today since they start to sell their work at school. But they face great difficulty finding a good studio in a city center.  \"The cheap places are in the suburbs, and they cost at least 100,000 yuan a year,\" says Wang. \"Then, we also have to pay for paints and other material. For now, I will share a studio with my classmates.\"  But selling one or two paintings is far from enough for young artists.  To launch a career, they need dealers and art institutions that can provide long-term support, including curating solo shows, cataloging output and exhibiting works at fairs.  Wang has been contacted by several institutions. But she fears that they have no intention of helping plan a career for her. They only want to sell her works, to see how the market receives them.  \"I have dozens of my paintings. But I don't want to sell them right now. I want to save them for my first solo exhibition. They are like my children. They deserve a decent presentation.\"Galleries also hunt for artists with potential to progress.  Zhang Qiao from the Asia Art Center in Beijing's 798 art district says they don't work with an artist because he or she is young or old, but they do a check of an artist's output to see whether he or she is an independent thinker.  Xia Jifeng, the director of Hive Center for Contemporary Art in Beijing, frequents graduation shows. His institution has a project that stages the first exhibition of an artist still at school or someone who has just graduated.  He says they rule out those who create market-oriented works.  \"We see if the graduate is developing a systematic series of works. If not, it is not the time to exhibit him or her. We wait and we are cautious.\"  So, teachers and gallerists urge graduates to first focus on creativity rather than on market recognition.  Cai Wanlin, the director of Beijing's Rhythm Art Organization, says many artists' fame is transient because their initial success is built on sales and they lack a solid base of collectors and academic recognition.  Ding Ning, a lithograph professor from the Central Academy of Fine Arts, says: \"It is good for an artist if he or she spends three to five years developing individual  s, before he or she comes to the market.\"Some graduates see employment as a more secure choice than being a professional artist.  Chen Yujing, 24, a fresh graduate from the CAFA, plans to work as a comics artist at a web company in Beijing.  Her graduation work is a thread-bound colored picture book in which she re-creates in a vivid wuxia (Chinese action figures) storytelling style from her childhood - how a naughty girl escapes her mother's punishment. The hilarious scenarios made the book a hit at CAFA's graduation exhibition held in June.  But she is not confident of making a career as a picture-book artist.  She says this is because people do not take picture books as a serious form of art.  \"Most people think picture books are educational and only for children. And some mistake comic books for picture books.  \"But I will keep creating picture books in my spare time.\"  Meanwhile, Wang says she does not regret not attending a graduate school, and she says she is thankful for her previous work experience.  \"My teachers say it makes my works more mature and that it will benefit me.\"  She says her goal is to find a serious art institution in five years. And she believes that because of the intense competition, young artists need to promote themselves.  \"You can't sit at home waiting for opportunity to knock on your door. It's meaningless if your work get noticed by the world only after you die.\"         ", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Drivers parking illegally in Beijing may get double punishments if a new draft regulation is finalized, Beijing News reported. According to the draft launched by the Legal Affairs Office of the People's Government of Beijing Municipality and open for public opinion from April 11 to May 10, a driver who parks their car illegally in a non-designated spot may be fined 200 yuan ($29), and have three demerit points included on their driver's license. In China drivers will be disqualified from driving after accumulating 12 demerit points, according to current law. The city's traffic administration displays \"No Parking\" signs at busy roadsides and places around hospitals and shopping centers, the report said. With seven sections and 61 rules, the draft also sets regulations on issues such as the planning and construction of parking facilities, and has specifications on companies that provide parking services. The new regulation may take effect this year, according to the Beijing Municipal Commission of Transport. This will be the capital's first local law focusing on parking management. ", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "China ranks second in the number of internet talents after India among the BRICS countries, according to a report released at the 4th World Internet Conference on Monday. The 2017 Internet Talent Development Report, complied by the National Academy of Innovation Strategy in Beijing, shows that the number of internet talents in China accounts for 27 percent among the five countries, while India takes up 52.2 percent, almost as twice large as China. The number of internet talents is distributed unevenly worldwide, said Ni Guangnan, a researcher at the Institute of Computing Technology at the Chinese Academy of Sciences. \"Chinese IT talents are highly competitive in innovation ability, diligence and other aspects, but enterprises at present are facing the pressure of a lack of talents,\" he said. In China, the major eight enterprises such as Huawei, Tencent, China Mobile have a total demand of about 169,000internet talents this year. However, the major eight universities including Peking University and Shanghai Jiao Tong University can only provide about 14,900. The report also shows that emerging internet startups are in a fierce contest with established internet companies for these talents. Startups offer higher salaries to attract talents than the three major internet companies - Baidu, Alibaba and Tencent (BAT). The average salary in some new companies, including DiDi and Meituan, is higher than BAT by 21 percent, according to the report. Startups offer higher salaries to attract talents than the three major internet companies - Baidu, Alibaba and Tencent (BAT). The technical employers with one to three years' work experience in some new companies, including DiDi and Meituan, earn higher salaries than employees ofBAT by 21 percent, according to the report. \"In a world where the boundaries between the internet and traditional industry are blurring, companies need the best talent to keep on top of the game,\" said Yu Chengdong, CEO of Huawei's consumer business group.", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "East China's Huai'an city has taken comprehensive measures including reducing livestock farms and canceling a tourism program to protect the Beijing-Hangzhou Grand Canal, which is the longest man-made canal in the world. \"We have treated more than 27 kilometers of the waterways to protect the environment and reduced more than 7,727 hectares of livestock farms,\" said Wang Honghong, vice-mayor of the city and a member of the 13th CPPCC National Committee.  Besides, the city has launched many biological restoration programs along the canal, she said.  \"We also made strict regulations to protect the ecosystem along the canal. The three industrial parks near the canal are required to improve technologies to better protect the neighboring environment,\" Wang said.  According to her, the city canceled a travel program that would have attracted an investment of more than 10 billion yuan ($1.5 billion) to protect an archaeological site during exploration. The canal runs through 93 kilometers in Huai'an, which accounts for one seventh of the man-made waterway listed as a UNESCO World Intangible Cultural Heritage site in 2014. Stretching 1,797 km between Beijing and Hangzhou, Zhejiang province, the canal's history dates back to the Spring and Autumn Period (770-476 BC) and was completed in the Sui Dynasty (581-618). \"It requires hard work and research to protect the time-honored canal,\" Wang said. \"We'll continue to restore the ecology and culture about the canal and share our experience with other cities for more effective protection.\" ", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Five people died and nine were injured in a building fire in Beijing's Chaoyang district early on Wednesday morning. Local authorities said the fire was caused by electric bicycles being charged. The fire in Shibalidian township was reported at 1:18 am, according to the municipal fire department. Police detained the owner of the building on Wednesday. Firefighters were able to rescue nine people trapped by the blaze. They were taken to the hospital for injuries that are not life-threatening. According to the fire department, the structure was built by a local resident and had four floors with more than 30 small rental rooms of less than 10 square meters each. There was only one exit on each floor. The roof and walls were a sort of sandwich - metal sheets with foam between them. They release toxic gas if burned, according to a firefighter. City officials have urged a thorough safety overhaul of illegally operated business venues and rental houses in Beijing. The fire department said the two electric bicycles were on the ground floor and blocked the exit, making it more difficult for people to escape. The bikes were connected by extension cords to an outlet on the second floor. A firefighter was quoted by Beijing News as saying that electric bicycles are not allowed in building passageways and should be charged outdoors on individual charging poles. The fire occurred less than a month after an apartment fire killed 19 in the city's southern Daxing district on Nov 18. That fire was caused by faulty electrical wiring. Xinhua contributed to this story. dujuan@chinadaily.com.cn ", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Beijing and Frankfurt airports launched an easy gateway for Air China passengers to travel between the two cities on Monday, offering passengers convenient services.  The gateway allows passengers flying Beijing-Frankfurt routes with Air China, China\u00a1\u00afs flagship carrier, to enjoy services in Beijing Capital International Airport and Frankfurt Airport, such as a separate check-in counter, special waiting area and luggage pick-up line.  Air China runs two Beijing-Frankfurt flights everyday.  In September, Air China, Beijing Capital International Airport and Frankfurt Airport signed a Memorandum of Understanding for cooperation to build an efficient gateway centered in Beijing and Frankfurt, linking domestic and European lines.  The gateway looks to simplify boarding procedures and reduce transfer time.  Beijing Capital International Airport, as the busiest airport in China with 9.44 million passengers flying in and out of the airport in 2016, links 147 destinations across the world.  Frankfurt Airport is one of the busiest airports in Europe and the world, with 6.08 million passengers traveling via the airport in 2016. The airport can link 247 destinations in 100 countries across the world.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "  Ablajan Muhtar, owner of an auto repair factory in the Xinjiang Uygur autonomous region, could choose to fly to Beijing in three hours. Instead, he has begun a three-month journey on foot for a benevolent cause. The 43-year-old started his trek in the regional capital of Urumqi on April 8, and is planning to arrive in Beijing this month. Muhtar is hoping to raise more than 200,000 yuan ($29,000) to be donated to 10 schools in Xinjiang to help them build soccer fields and purchase equipment for students and soccer coaches. \"In addition to collecting donations, I have another mission\u00a3\u00adspreading the good virtues of local people during my journey to Beijing. I want people across China to learn about the generosity, hospitality, tolerance and sense of unity that people in Xinjiang possess,\" he said. Inspired by the well-known national legend of 75-year-old Uncle Qurban, who ventured from the region to Beijing in 1956 on the back of a mule to meet Chairman Mao, Muhtar decided at the beginning of this year to make the same journey. He spent three months preparing for his trip. \"This is my Chinese dream. I will overcome all the obstacles I face to accomplish my dream.\" Completing the 3,282-kilometer journey on foot will not be easy. The route will see him pass through numerous different environments and spans five administrative areas from Xinjiang in Northwest China to Gansu province, and then on to the Inner Mongolia autonomous region and Hebei province in North China before reaching Beijing. According to the design of the route, Muhtar must pass through a more than 100-km section of desert and an unpopulated area of more than several hundred square meters, as well as climb over the Qinling Mountains in Central China. For most of the journey, he must live in a tent that he will carry in his 1-meter-tall backpack. Bokram Elyashanbaba, a photographer and friend of Muhtar, said the journey will push him to his limits and is of important significance because of the connection to Uncle Qurban. \"We need to witness another exemplary deed in our time. I have full confidence in Muhtar to accomplish his dream,\" Elyashanbaba said. Muhtar's wife, Patima Mamat, said she fully supports the endeavor. \"My husband has always loved hiking. When he talked to me about his first hiking experience from Urumqi to Atux in Xinjiang, I felt a mixture of happiness and concern for him,\" Mamat said. \"When he told me he will make 100 new friends during this trip, I could sense his determination,\" she said, adding that his latest adventure is significantly longer than his first one. \"He has my full support and encouragement.\" In May, Muhtar walked through an area with gale-force winds in Turpan, once a crossroads of Central Asia and a strategic stop on the overland trade route linking China with ancient India, Persia and Rome. \"Each step required a lot of strength and my face was being slammed by waves of sand blown up by the strong gale,\" he said, adding that sand blew into his mouth and he had to crouch down to protect himself. \"I am aware that the journey will be extremely tough. The valley ahead is located between a wild desert and mountains. However, I think I will manage to get through it.\" Muhtar, whose trip will cost an estimated 20,000 yuan, is being sponsored by a charity organization founded in September by Wang Long, a native of Xinjiang who was presented with a Good People in China award for his bravery in saving people from a fire. In each city that Muhtar travels to, the organization will assist him in publicizing his cause to help raise money for schools. In addition to helping with Muhtar's trip, it also regularly organizes donations of books and others materials for children in need.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "On February 11th, just several days before the commercialized Saint Valentine's Day, I celebrated my first birthday in Beijing. I have always had in mind a plan that when I will turn 30 (that was last year), I will take a train from Moscow to Beijing, through the trans-Mongolian railway, which will stop me in the heart of Asia, Beijing. An adventurous and long trip, but I like treating myself with these kinds of challenges.   But this year, I found myself in Beijing celebrating the starting of the Dragon's Year; eating dumplings, going to temple fair festivals, enjoying the fireworks, watching the red-and-golden lanterns, enjoying Chinese food and going out with my new friends. It is true, I did not have to take the long distance train ride from Moscow to Beijing through the trans-Mongolian railway, but I made it to the Chinese capital. I work in a very versatile environment: China Radio International (CRI), which like companies I used to work before, such as BBC World Service Radio, I like to call it as a mini-United Nations. There are people from around the World, working in different language departments; bringing with them in one place bits of their languages and cultures from their own countries. As in contrast to the BBC World Service Radio, where English is the language you communicate and work with, at the CRI you find a different experience. People working in different language services, are not only natives from the countries of the World, in which the language is spoken, but there are also Chinese, who have learned respective languages, which they now use in their daily working schedule.  It takes you sometime to get used with the fact that you are in the heart of Asia, and yet you have people speaking your language. I have to be frank, my mother tongue, is not a simple language. Foreigners, who want to learn it, find it very difficult, since it has no connection with any branches of the languages\u00a1\u00af tree. But my Chinese colleagues dedicated themselves and decided to study Albanian, and after four years studies at the University and visits to Albania, they now are fluent and professional translators from Chinese to Albanian and vice-versa.  I came to Beijing by the end of December and started working on the first day of January. It is usual for a person moving out of his/her hometown and settling down in a new one to have the curiosity of what is going to expect him/her. Even though, I have been living in the past in different European cities and the United States, before coming to China, I have to admit, I did not know what was expecting me. Of course, you search on the Internet, just to get an idea, but as people are different and they share different experiences and have different expectations, it is hard to kind of create a clear picture about the city you are about to have it as your new home. So, I decided to implement the well-know expression and advice old people back home give to the youngsters we use back home. I love big cities, so Beijing fulfills that condition. Even though I live in the Western part of Beijing, far from downtown, I find the public transport well organized and easy to get to different places. Especially the subway system, which I find it very convenient and helpful with the English-speaking lady telling you, in which stop you are arriving, or with the signs at the exits, also written in English.  I find Chinese people friendly. When I have asked for directions for a certain place, or asking for service I want to get, bearing in mind that my Chinese language skills are too limited, I was helped out. It is highly appreciated.  Beijing, as every metropolis in the World, has a lot to offer: Starting from cultural activities; exhibitions, concerts, movies, sightseeing, variety of food and even lessons on how to cook delicious Chinese traditional dishes. I love Chinese food, and I am well known among my friends back home for going too often to the local Chinese restaurant. And in addition to that: Where else can you get the best Chinese food, if not in China? ?  So, my 31st birthday found me in Beijing. As a birthday boy, I was surprised by my colleagues with a tasty fruity cake and a paper-made crown, making me the \"king\" of that day. Being far away from home, family and friends, the wishes in my mother tongue \"G?zuar dit?lindjen\" (Happy Birthday) here in Beijing reminded me another expression: \"Your home is where your heart is\". ", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "In the face of harsh accusations of poor taxi service, Beijing South Railway Station has upgraded its facilities to provide passengers a better experience when they wait for cabs at night, the station's spokesman said on Monday. Beijing South, one of Beijing's three major railway hubs and one of Asia's largest train stations, has faced questions in the media recently over poor passenger experiences, including long waiting lines for taxis, \"black cabs\" outside of the station that overcharge and difficulties entering and leaving the station. The station handles about 154,000 passengers each day on average during the summer travel rush. From July 1 to Aug 31, the station is expected to handle 9.53 million travelers. The station has installed 14 air-conditioners and glass fences in taxi-waiting zones, and is allowing more hailed cars and online booking for taxis after 9 pm to cater to demand. An LED screen has been installed to display real-time information about the taxi line, including estimated waiting time, Liang Zhaoyu, spokesman for the station, told China Daily on Monday. The station will install fans and renovate the roof in the taxi waiting zone to make passengers more comfortable, he said. The project will be finished by the end of August. Last week, news stories about taxi shortages at Beijing South went viral online. The city's subway shuts down at about 11 pm. But from 11 pm to midnight, about seven to 10 trains arrive at the station, leaving as many as 10,000 passengers searching for taxis and night-shift buses at the same time. At night, passengers have complained about waiting two or three hours for a taxi at the station. If a passenger isn't willing to wait, they could catch a \"black cab\" outside the station, which often asks three times the regular price. Nighttime buses are also limited. The news has renewed Beijing residents' longtime discontent with the station. The station's name, Beijing South, has been used derisively as \"Beijing difficulty\" by netizens and media, since the word \"south\" in Chinese is pronounced the same as the word \"difficulty\". To tackle the problem, stakeholders including government departments, the station and the railway company conducted an on-site survey and conferred on Sunday to find solutions. Starting on Sunday, passengers can order buses at night. The transport authority will release nighttime train arrival information through Beijing transport radio and the taxi dispatch center, encouraging more taxi drivers to pick up passengers during late hours. The authority will also encourage taxi companies to dispatch more taxis to the station. Departments of transport, public security and others will make joint efforts to clear nearby streets and keep the illegal \"black cabs\" off the streets.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Over 600 people gathered on Friday morning in front of the new office buildings of the Beijing municipal government in Tongzhou district for a flag-raising ceremony, marking that the government has formally begun work in the new location. Those in attendance included the Party chief of the capital Cai Qi, Mayor Chen Jining, Chairman of the Standing Committee of the Beijing Municipal People's Congress Li Wei, and Chairman of the Beijing Committee of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference (CPPCC) Ji Lin. Following the ceremony, these four distinguished individuals also inaugurated the Beijing Municipal Committee of the Communist Party of China, Beijing Municipal People's Government, the Beijing Municipal People's Congress, and the Beijing Municipal Committee of the CPPCC.,So far, 35 municipal government departments and 165 agencies, with about 120,000 employees, have relocated their offices to Lucheng town in Tongzhou district. On Thursday evening, the nameplate on the government's old main building in the downtown area was taken off and handed over to the archives. Beijing is shifting some of its administrative functions out of the city center to Tongzhou to help address problems including traffic congestion and air pollution. The move is also part of the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei integrated development plan.,\"Beijing will make every effort in implementing the design of the sub-center of Beijing,\" Vice-Mayor of Beijing Sui Zhenjiang said at a policy briefing of the State Council Information Office on Friday, stressing that environmental protection would be a top priority of the new sub-center. The previous chemical plant in Tongzhou will be restructured into a forest park of 11 square kilometers, with a theater, library and museum as supplemental facilities. The central business district of the sub-center, together with an integrated traffic hub, will connect Tianjin, Tangshan in Hebei province, and the suburbs of Beijing. \"Historical and cultural protection, especially protection of the historical sites in Lucheng town, Tongzhou district, is another major task of the sub-center building,\" said Sui, adding that intelligent management is a new feature of the sub-center. Beijing's sub-center, which sits in the east of the capital, aims to accommodate 1.3 million permanent residents by 2035. The city sub-center will cover 155 sq km and be extended to the whole area of the current Tongzhou district, which has a total of about 906 sq km, according to the plan for the sub-center's development for 2016 to 2035, approved by the Communist Party of China Central Committee and the State Council.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "   This year World Book Day lands on April 23. To those faithful book lovers, publishing houses are an important element to consider when purchasing books. China has many distinguished publishing companies, and here arefive famous for their books and national influence. Originally based in Shanghai, Zhonghua Book Company was established in 1912 and moved to Beijing in 1954. As early as 1937, the company has had 1,000 employees. It specializes in publishing ancient books and classics, such as 13 important Buddhist texts.,  SDX is the abbreviation of the names of three companies established in the 1930s in Shanghai: Shenghuo Book Store, Dushu Press and Xinzhi Book Store. After 1945, the three joined forces and SDX Joint Publishing Company was created in Hong Kong. In March of 1949, the publishing house moved to Beijing. It has published many works by Chinese intellectuals for over half a century.,  The publishing house was established in 1951 in Beijing. Writer Zheng Xuefeng was the first general director and chief editor. It aims to publish distinguished Chinese and foreign literature classics.,  In 1988, YiLin Press was established based on an editorial department of the journal  . It mainly publishes popular literature from foreign countries.,   Established in Shanghai in 1897, The Commercial Press moved its headquarters to Beijing in 1954. The publishing house is well-known for its dictionaries. China's first modern lexicographical work  was published by The Commercial Press.       ", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "BEIJING \u00a1\u00aa China will build a cluster of world-class airports in the northern Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region to improve connectivity and push forward coordinated regional development. By 2030, major airports in the region will be effectively connected with railways to establish a strong and coordinated air transport system, according to a guideline released by the National Development and Reform Commission and the Civil Aviation Administration of China. The region will offer 144-hour visa-free entry for international passengers, while air cargo will enjoy efficient one-stop customs clearance as authorities promise to improve both airport service and management, the guideline said. For Beijing, with the existing Beijing Capital International Airport and a new airport expected in service in 2019, the national capital is counting on the \"twin hubs\" to strengthen aviation capabilities with a focus on international flights. The government also plans to build Tianjin airport into an international air freight hub, while the one in Shijiazhuang, capital of Hebei province, will handle regional flights, it said. Other regional airports in cities including Tangshan, Zhangjiakou and Handan will be reconstructed or expanded, while new airports will be built in cities like Xingtai, Cangzhou, Kangbao and Fengning. To ensure regional connectivity, these airports will be linked with inter-city transport networks, including a railway service between Beijing's two airports, and railways and highways connecting the Xiongan New Area, a landmark new economic zone, with other key parts of the region. The regional transport network will be equipped with smart technology such as big data and ticket information sharing to let passengers take air-rail connecting trips with easy transfer between airports and railway stations, the document said. China rolled out a plan in 2015 for the coordinated development of Beijing, Tianjin and Hebei. Progress has been made in many fields including environmental protection, public services and transport.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Beijing has warned that hegemonic thinking is behind the US Treasury Department's plan to restrict sensitive Chinese investments in the country's high-tech sector. Washington has taken a slew of moves recently, and what is behind the US restrictions is actually protectionism, Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying told a daily news conference in Beijing on Friday. US Assistant Secretary for International Markets and Investment Policy Heath Tarbert told a forum on Thursday that Treasury officials are mulling ways to restrict sensitive Chinese investments by invoking an emergency powers law and bringing forward some security review reforms for corporate acquisitions, Reuters reported. Hua said the United States has demanded China further open up its market while imposing restrictions on Chinese investment in the US, a move that fails to live up to the principle of fairness and reciprocity and is an unreasonable, hegemonic approach in scientific fields. Also, the pace of China's advancing technological innovation will not be stopped because of the noise and interference, Hua added. Teng Jianqun, director of the Department for American Studies at the China Institute of International Studies, noted that behind the agenda of the administration of US President Donald Trump is its concern about China bringing changes to the existing global business order led by the US. Washington still is resisting China's remarkable boost in its own innovation capability in the high-tech sector and its advancing industrialization and transformation from medium-and low-end production status in the international production chain, Teng said. A US congressional committee report on Thursday claimed that the Chinese government is possibly supporting business espionage conducted by some Chinese companies. Hua Chunying responded that it is extremely irresponsible and dangerous if US policies are based only on possibilities. Traps and conspiracies plague minds dominated by Cold War thinking and belief in a zero-sum game, while a proactive and cooperative mindset helps create new opportunities and converts challenges into chances, Hua added. China hopes that some people in the US will update their ideas about international relations and follow the trend of the times rather than pushing against it, she said.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "HELSINKI - A key ceremonial segment of Helsinki was converted on Monday night into a \"cultural China world\" in a joint celebration of the Chinese New Year by the cities of Helsinki and Beijing and the Finland-China Society. This was the 13th time that the Chinese New Year has been celebrated out in the open in the Finnish capital, with emphasis on the outreach to Finnish population. This year the event occupied the prestigious Civic Square opposite the parliament building. Pang Wei, deputy director of Beijing's Municipal Bureau of Culture and Tourism and head of the Chinese delegation for the event, described the the evening as exchange of heart and feelings. Talking to Xinhua, she noted that although it is really cold outside, the people are showing the passion. \"They really appreciate Chinese culture\". With the clock approaching six p.m. in Helsinki, or midnight in Beijing, Jan Vapaavuori, mayor of Helsinki, and Chen Li, Chinese Ambassador to Finland, addressed the crowds. Chen noted that the square the event took place is called \"People's square\". It represents the fact that Chinese new year is not only a traditional festival for the Chinese, but also an urban festival for the city of Helsinki. Chen recalled the recent visit to China by Finnish President Sauli Niinisto and the joint action plan approved. He noted in particular the ongoing winter sports year of China and Finland. Vapaavuori said the Chinese New Year celebration brings joy and life to wintery Helsinki. \"It is always a happy event. Since its first edition it has grown into a major event.\" The program at the Civic Square included, among others, Kun opera, dancing, musical performance and Chinese martial arts. CHINESE PICKED UP AT EARLY AGE Among the many small exhibits offered as part of the event, Jenny Law, the co-owner of a new day care operation \"Little heroes\", told Xinhua their day care center offers tuition in mandarin, although the main language is English. She believed they are the first day care center to offer Chinese. They have children between the ages of one and five. The Helsinki public primary school system is offering Chinese now as one of nine languages from the first school year. Delegation head Pang said she had been particularly delighted with a special performance arranged on Monday morning for pre-school age children. \"We had 3-to-5 year olds watching the program. I am really happy they start learning Chinese culture at an early age\". The Finland-China Society has been an organizer of the Chinese New Year in Finland from the start. Enthusiast Leena Vilponen had traveled to Helsinki for the event from the west coast town of Pori. She said it is the Chinese culture that attracts her, adding that the local chapter of the society in Pori has been arranging its own New Year events as well. HARD-WORKING CHINESE POPULAR IN FINLAND This year's event was preceded by Finnish media focus on the popularity of the Chinese immigrants have gained and also maintained in Finland in recent years. In a large feature, Sami Sillanpaa, a correspondent at Helsingin Sanomat, noted that while attitudes towards immigrants in Finland have hardened in general in recent years, the Chinese have maintained their good reputation. \"They give their contribution to society and do not cause problems. That is just what is expected from the newcomers,\" Sillanpaa wrote. Pang said she had not heard about that discussion but said that evening during a short visit she could see that Finns and Chinese get on well. At the end of 2017, there were 12,000 Chinese speakers in Finland, including Cantonese speakers as well. Chinese are the fourth largest foreign ethnic group in Finland.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "China is the largest building construction market in the world, with up to 2 billion square meters constructed annually, which will account for nearly half of new construction globally in the coming decade. In 2011, buildings accounted for just 28 percent of China's energy consumption, but urbanization, economic growth and rising population could increase this number by as much as 40 percent over the next 15 years. The adoption of green building technologies and solutions is a key enabler to support China's sustainability and environmental protection goals. China's 13th Five-Year Plan for Building Energy Efficiency and Green Building Development includes aggressive goals for green building construction and renovation, including a requirement for 50 percent of all new urban buildings to be certified green buildings. The plan also specifies pilot programs for constructing and renovating energy-efficient primary and secondary schools, community hospitals and public buildings. As the national five-year plan is cascaded to provincial and municipal jurisdictions, nearly 20 cities have set even more ambitious targets. For example, Changde, Zhenjiang, Zibo, Wuxi, Suzhou, Shanghai, Beijing, Shenzhen and Chongqing will require 100 percent of new commercial buildings to be green. In the pursuit of even more sustainability, more than 90 percent of China commercial-building owners plan to have at least one net or near-zero energy building in the next 10 years. National plans, policies and targets are important drivers of investment and improvement. Still, significant challenges remain in implementation at a city and district level, such as capacity-building, business models, financial solutions and access to information. Public-private partnerships continue to be one of the most effective ways of overcoming these barriers. The East Asia launch of the Building Efficiency Accelerator (BEA), a global public-private partnership coordinated by the World Resources Institute, was held at the Thirteenth International Conference on Green and Energy-Efficient Building in Beijing. The launch included government, private-sector and civil society stakeholders and showcased the building-efficiency policy best practices of three leading Chinese districts \u00a8C Changning district, Wuxi City High-Tech Industrial Development Zone, and Suzhou Taihu New City, as well as the BEA partner cities of Ulaanbaatar, Mongolia, and Iskandar, Malaysia. The Changning district deployed an energy-monitoring platform that now tracks 160 of the district's 165 public buildings. To date, 32 buildings have been retrofitted to achieve an average 20 percent energy savings. The district also provided subsidies to building managers, which in turn encouraged building managers to invest an additional 140 million yuan ($20.33 million) to improve building efficiency. Wuxi City High-Tech Industrial Development Zone provided incentives for new buildings that are certified to the US Green Building Council's LEED or China's national three-star rating systems. Buildings that achieve the highest green building ratings in either certification program receive up to 500,000 yuan ($75,000) with similar incentives provided for the use of heat pumps, solar photovoltaic systems, and other clean energy technologies.  The Suzhou Taihu New City will house 200,000 residents, and all buildings will be designed to receive at least two stars from China's three-star rating system. The city will also boast a green-building demonstration area, constructing several projects such as zero-energy schools and monitoring of the building's energy performance. The progress of these districts is substantial, but there's still a long way to go. Throughout my 20-plus-year career at Johnson Controls, we've been innovating technologies and solutions to make buildings smarter, safer and greener. We see it not only as a value proposition, but more importantly, as a responsibility to help cities and communities become more efficient and sustainable. Our new Asia-Pacific headquarters will not only be a showcase for smart, sustainable building technologies and solutions, but also a living laboratory supporting our work within the US-China CERC Building Energy Efficiency consortium. We will leverage the facility to convene roundtables and forums to support these public-private partnerships and share industry best practices that can help local and provincial governments in China and across the Asia-Pacific improve sustainability and accelerate urban-efficiency improvements.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "WASHINGTON - Managing Director of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) Christine Lagarde warned Thursday escalation of trade conflicts risk reversing the current upswing in global economic growth, urging countries to negotiate regulations in a cooperative manner. \"The momentum behind the cyclical global expansion remains strong, but escalating trade conflicts and financial market volatility highlight downside risks beyond the next several quarters,\" Lagarde said. The head of the global lender made the remarks as the IMF and the World Bank convened this year's annual spring meetings against the backdrop of widespread trade disputes that the United States has been ratcheting up against its major trading partners worldwide in recent months. \"Countries should work to promote an open and rules-based multilateral trade system that works for all ... A cooperative approach to regulation will reap the benefits of financial technology, while addressing risks to stability and integrity,\" she said. Expressing her concern over the unabating buildup of what could lead to a full-blown trade war between Washington and Beijing, Lagarde called on countries to \"steer clear from protectionism,\" saying that \"unilateral trade restrictions have not been proven helpful.\" The IMF chief said that she welcomes bilateral discussions between Washington and Beijing and that disagreements should be resolved at multilateral settings. According to Lagarde, the spill-over effect of China-US tit-for-tat tariff measures around the world will be limited since the impact on growth is \"not very substantial\" in terms of global gross domestic production, which is expected to grow 3.9 percent this year. However, she reminded international finance officials at the meeting, however, that the trade fight between the world's top two economies will cause an erosion of business confidence that is immeasurable. \"It is more difficult to measure the erosion of confidence. When investors don't know the terms on which they are trading, they are reluctant to invest. Growth is being driven by more investment and trade, so why damage those engines?\" said Lagarde.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "BEIJING -- Beijing's new international airport will start test operation in October 2019, local officials said. Engineering projects will be finished in July 2019 and the test operation will start three months later, said contractor Beijing Construction Engineering Group. The airport, located 46 km south of downtown Beijing, is designed to take pressure off the over-crowded Beijing Capital International Airport located in the northeastern suburbs. It is located on the border between Daxing district and Langfang, a city in Hebei province. \"Daxing district will prioritize the construction of the airport and the airport economic zone,\" said Wang Youguo, acting head of the district government. Airport terminal buildings, covering an area of 313,000 square meters, will consist of a centerpiece and five arms resembling a phoenix spreading out its wings. It will have four runways and accommodate 620,000 flights per year. It will be able to handle up to 100 million passengers and 4 million tons of cargo each year in the long run. The airport is 67 km from the current Beijing Capital International Airport. China Eastern Airlines and China Southern Airlines will be the main carriers for the airport.", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "The rapid development of delivery services in China has made Shanghai the \u00a1\u00b0most lazy\u00a1\u00b1 city in 2018, according to new data released by the internet giant Alibaba Group. Released on Jan 2, the data generated from Alibaba\u00a1\u00afs food delivery service Ele.me and lifestyle service platform Koubei shows that Shanghai residents spent the most on food delivery in China. The city\u00a1\u00afs residents also top the rankings for food and beverage consumption in 2018, followed by Beijing and Hangzhou in Zhejiang province. According to the report, one Shanghai customer made 2,074 food delivery orders on Ele.me in 2018, the most in the country. Another Shanghai user spent a record 253,000 yuan ($36,900) on delivery services. However, the costliest order was made by a Beijing resident who spent 31,000 yuan on 74 hairy crabs. The report also stated that the utilization of delivery services is expanding rapidly across the nation, especially in the third- and fourth-tier cities, and that the number of orders exceeding 100 yuan in 2018 jumped 56 percent from 2017. Shanghai also topped the rankings for consumption of dessert and Western food, 1.8 and 1.9 times of the national average respectively, making it the \u00a1\u00b0sweetest city with a strong foreign flavor\u00a1\u00b1.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "To ensure the equal success of the 2022 Olympic and Paralympic Games, Beijing has pledged to provide disabled athletes with the same support and access to winter sports that other athletes enjoy and to promote inclusiveness. With less than five years until the 2022 Winter Games, the Beijing Olympic Organizing Committee has emphasized integration of the parasports gala and winter sports promotions among disabled people throughout the preparatory process. That was highlighted in a progress report delivered at the International Paralympic Committee General Assembly  . \"Synchronized planning and preparations for both Games is at the core of our principal guarantee that both events will be equally successful,\" Lu Yong, vice-president of the committee, told China Daily during the IPC conference on Wednesday. As a national plan rolls out to involve 300 million people in winter sports activities leading up to 2022, Lu said that people with impairments should be included to fulfill Beijing's vision for pushing social inclusion and accessibility. \"There is huge potential for improving awareness and facilities for winter sports for the disabled as a means of recreation and rehabilitation,\" said Lu, who is also board chairman of the China Disabled Persons' Federation. The federation, along with officials in Beijing and Hebei province and sports governing bodies, is working to expand parawinter sports to 12 provinces. The number of full-time athletes specializing in parawinter events has risen since 2015 from fewer than 50 to nearly 400. Since 2016, China has hosted 10 winter sports events for people with disabilities. A total of 250 Chinese athletes have participated in 17 international parawinter events. Yet, the lack of training expertise and dedicated facilities has posed a challenge, underlined by China's medal drought at the past four Paralympic Winter Games. Lu believes the promotional efforts will make a difference by 2022 but insists that winning medals is not the goal. \"Gaining more attention and support for building an accessible, inclusive and equal environment for people with disabilities is what matters,\" he said. Sixteen venues, all for the 2022 Winter Olympics, will be used to host paralympic sports as well as for hospitality and media functions. Rita van Driel, an IPC Governing Board member from the Netherlands and a member of the Coordination Commission of Beijing 2022, said Beijing is well on track to once again deliver a successful Paralympics. \"Beijing showed in 2008 that it was able to deliver an excellent Paralympic Games with a great legacy for people with impairments. Building on that experience, I believe it will deliver another extraordinary Paralympic Games in winter as well,\" she said.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "More than 50 teachers and students from eight music conservatories and art schools from five countries\u00a3\u00adincluding the United States, Canada and Kenya\u00a3\u00adgathered in Beijing on July 14 to perform repertoires such as Franz Liszt's Spanish Rhapsody, Olivier Messiaen's Cluck Old Hen and the premiere of A Song in the Wild by Chinese composer Gong Zihan. The concert kicked off the 2018 \"Understanding China Through Music\" Chinese Music Culture International Summer Institute, a 20-day study program aimed at promoting Chinese music and cultural exchanges among young students and teachers from around the world. Hosted by the Central Conservatory of Music, the program of music study and academic research consists of six sections, including learning how to play traditional Chinese musical instruments and compose original music pieces. Music experts from around the world will hold workshops during the program, including Du Mingxin, a senior professor at the conservatory and Wang Xiaoyan, an associate professor at the National Academy of Chinese Theater Arts. According to Liu Yuening, yangqin (a Chinese dulcimer) player and a professor at the conservatory, who heads the program, over the past four years since the program's establishment, 166 music-majored teachers and students from eight countries have visited China. Dennis Friesen-Carper, a professor at Valparaiso University in the US, where he teaches composition, conducts the school's symphony and produces oratorio and theatrical works, was invited by his longtime friend Liu to the program for the first time this year. At the closing concert on July 29, he will lead foreign students as they play Chinese musical instruments, such as the erhu, a traditional two-stringed fiddle, the lute-like pipa and the sheng, a free-reed woodwind instrument. The piece they will perform, Ode to the South, was composed by Zhu Yi. Liu says that the selection of participants was based on music-majored university students from around the world who are interested in Chinese music. The candidates were recommended by Confucius Institutes worldwide. \"We want to provide young musicians who are interested in spreading Chinese musical culture in their own countries with opportunities to further study Chinese music and become foreign ambassadors for the genre,\" she explains. She adds that, besides teaching students to play traditional Chinese musical instruments, the program also allows students to catch a glimpse of contemporary China. By learning the techniques of playing the instruments, the students will be encouraged to compose their own musical pieces. Liu says that this year, Chinese folk music will form a major part of the summer program and veteran musicians in the field will be invited to give lectures to the students. \"Each piece contains rich Chinese history and culture. Students learn knowledge beyond the music itself. Then, they will have their own understanding about China and compose their own unique sounds,\" Liu says. The Central Conservatory of Music first participated in programs organized by the Confucius Institute in Beijing in 2012. In June that year, the first Music Confucius Institute was established in Copenhagen, as part of a collaboration between the Central Conservatory of Music and the Royal Danish Academy of Music, which aims to actively contribute to the future global development of music by creating synergies between the Western and Chinese musical traditions. In September 2014, the Confucius Institute and the Central Conservatory of Music co-established a music cultural exchange base in Beijing. Megan Hill, a PhD graduate in ethnomusicology at the University of Michigan, participated in the first summer camp at the Central Conservatory of Music in Beijing in July of 2014. The camp offered a program of lessons on playing and performing with Chinese instruments, as well as seminars on modern Chinese musical practices\u00a3\u00adincluding the guqin (seven-stringed zither), contemporary classical composition and Peking Opera. \"Upon arriving, I didn't know what to expect, but in the ensuing days I learned about ancient Chinese musical instruments and how to ultimately perform Chinese folk songs in front of a large audience,\" recalls Hill. \"This experience was transformative and inspiring. It has ignited within us questions, visions and directions for future research in music creation through a continued relationship with a country we feel we have only just begun to know.\" This year, Hill returned to the summer program as a music researcher. Like Hill, Canadian student Matthew Devost from Carleton University, who participated in the program in 2016 and 2017, returned to the capital. \"It was truly a tremendous educational and cultural experience,\" says Devost in Beijing. \"I played musical instruments that I had never played before. I also made lots of new friends with student delegations from universities around the world.\"", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "The National Theatre of Northern Greece will make its Chinese debut with its theatrical production version of Salvatores Dei (Saviours of God), based on Greek author Nikos Kazantzakis' book of the same name. Directed by Andreas Koutsourelis, the production will be staged at Mong Man Wai Concert Hall at Tsinghua University in Beijing on May 10 and 11. The show will be performed with both English and Chinese subtitles. The upcoming show in the capital is part of the ongoing 18th Meet in Beijing Arts Festival, the city's largest annual festival, which celebrates dance, music, drama and art. The event is attended by nearly 800 artists from 44 performing arts groups which hail from 19 countries and regions. According to Maria Tsima, deputy director of National Theatre of Northern Greece, the show premiered in Thessaloniki, Greece, in January 2017, as part of the \"Kazantzakis Year\" celebrations, dedicated to the work of the writer, widely considered to be a giant of Greek literature. Since then, it has toured all over Greece, being performed in ancient amphitheaters as well as upon contemporary theater stages, where more than 40 shows have been enjoyed by as many as 12,000 people. Salvatores Dei, published in 1927, is a series of essays, which is divided into six parts: Prologue, The Preparation, The March, The Vision, The Action and The Silence.,\"Andreas Koutsourelis was inspired by the significant philosophical work of Kazantzakis and strongly believed that it should be made known to a wider audience,\" explains Tsima. \"Although the work is not a theatrical play, it is a text rich in meanings that express the metaphysical faith of the great writer. \"Kazantzakis himself argued that the whole work is an expression of his anguish to overcome the borders of the mind and to solve the mystery of existence,\" she continues. \"The Greek drama preserves and unveils very old myths, archetypical human behaviors, truths and secrets of existing in a community with others and facing what is beyond human power: fate. \"These plays have survived through the centuries, have inspired artists all over the world and still touch audiences, because they present important ideas in the most simple way, unaffected by time, culture or fashion,\" Tsima observes. Kazantzakis was nominated for the Nobel Prize in literature in nine different years. In 1935, he visited China for the first time as a journalist. He returned for a second visit in 1957 shortly before he died on October 26 that same year in Freiburg, Germany. According to Luo Tong, a translator and scholar of Greek literature who was based in Athens and moved back to China in 2017, the staging of the play is a major watershed for Greek theater in China. \"As far as I know, this is the first time that a theatrical production based on Kazantzakis' work is to be staged in China,\" says Luo. A love of Greek literature runs in Luo's family. His father, Luo Jinlin, 80, graduated from the Central Academy of Drama in Beijing in 1961, and has been researching ancient Greek plays and adapting them into Chinese since the 1980s. He adds that Greek dra-ma is rarely staged in China and the translation of such plays also needs to be developed in the country. Luo Jinlin's father, the late Luo Niansheng, who studied in the United States and at the American School of Classical Studies in Athens, started translating ancient Greek literature in 1933.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "New regulations of name boards in Beijing will not lead to \"monotony\" or affect the signage of time-honored brands, a city official has said. The rule change in late September and subsequent enforcement campaign, which has seen many signboards removed from buildings, is not aimed at stifling character but to encourage property owners to design their signage within a \"prescribed frame\", according to an unnamed official from the Beijing Commission of City Management quoted by Qianlong, a website operated by the city government. \"Signage of time-honored brands would not disappear, and the signage across Beijing would not become monotonous,\" the official said. The commission launched a citywide signage management campaign in December, which limits the number and placement of signs on buildings in order to \"create an urban skyline that is visually clear and bright\". The campaign was launched as part of the capital's urban plan for 2016 through 2035. According to a notice from the commission, all signs and billboards attached to roofs must be removed. In addition, there can be only one sign with a building's name on the third story or higher, and the name should be the same as the one registered with planning authorities. Each of the capital's 16 districts will launch an enforcement campaign, the notification said, and any failure by institutions and individuals to remove noncompliant signs will be noted on their credit record. Signage must be removed by the end of December and the commission will inspect the capital \"road by road\" in January, the notice said. The campaign has provoked heated discussion online. While some Beijing residents applauded the campaign, some were worried it will be difficult for them to find their destinations. A netizen named Cycy Lee didn't like the feeling of walking near buildings with signs over the roofs. \"Some of the signs or billboards have been there for years and they may fall down,\" the netizen commented on Weibo. Others are concerned about losing their way after losing sight of signage. \"Without signage, I experienced much difficulty in finding the destination in places I am not familiar with,\" said Shi Shunji, a resident of Haidian district. In response to these concerns, the official said the commission would work along with property owners to reinstall new signage \"as soon as possible\". \"In future enforcement, we would have the new signage designed first and then replace the old, so we can shorten the void period and do not influence people's lives,\" the official said.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "\"Imagine you are walking across a garden full of beautiful flowers. Your eyes are busy looking around,\" Wang Jin, a veteran Kunqu Opera actress from the Northern Kunqu Opera Theater in Beijing tells a group of students at a training class in Beijing. \"Press your toes into the ground and let your heels rise. Just take your steps quickly and lightheartedly.\" About 10 students from Beijing Zizhong Primary School, both boys and girls, gathered at the third floor of the National Center for the Performing Arts in Beijing recently and followed Wang's instructions as they walked around in a circle. They were playing the role of a young woman. During the 40-minute class, Wang demonstrated the basic techniques and movements of the 600-year-old Kunqu Opera. \"I've never walked like this, which is the typical walk of a female role of traditional Chinese opera,\" says one of the students, Zhang Minqin, who is in the fifth grade. \"I am more familiar with the way of male role walks. But it is funny to walk like a girl.\" Zhang is no stranger to traditional Chinese opera since he started learning Peking Opera about two years ago after participating in a free training program organized by the NCPA. \"Most of the students have never watched Kunqu Opera performances before and I try to make this ancient art form come alive and be of interest to them,\" says Wang, in her 40s, who has been involving in training amateur students during the past five years with the Northern Kunqu Opera Theater. \"They don't necessarily become professional Kunqu Opera actors when they grow up. But I believe the experience of performing Kunqu Opera will let them get closer to the traditional Chinese arts.\" That afternoon, Zhang was among more than 1,200 students from Zizhong Primary School and the primary school affiliated to Beijing No 166 Middle School to participate in public art programs organized by the NCPA.,Besides Kunqu Opera, students also received training in choir singing, drama and painting. More than 700 students' parents joined their children's courses that day. As a part of the ongoing celebration programs to mark the NCPA's 10th anniversary, drama shows, instrumental performances and dance works by students from the two schools were staged at the NCPA in mid-December. In 2014, the Beijing municipal government launched a project to introduce arts education into the capital's primary schools. The NCPA was among the first of 28 organizations to participate in the project. During the past three years, the NCPA has brought 24 shows to the two schools and invited students to watch more than 400 shows at the venue, involving more than 85,000 students in total. \"Many children are learning musical instruments like the piano and violin in China. Besides the chance to learn music, we also let them act, paint, read and write poetry, too. All of those programs give the students a new language,\" says Wang Dayu, director of the NCPA's art eduction department. She notes that the NCPA has a slogan\u00a3\u00adart changes life\u00a3\u00adand for the young generations, art plays a key role in their education. Li Chengyuan, an 11-year-old student from Zizhong Primary School, says that artists from the NCPA have been coming to his school to offer art classes once a month and he also visits the venue to watch shows every month. He has become a member of the NCPA's student drama troupe since he was 7 years old and made his debut performance at NCPA last year, acting in one of the roles in the drama Wangfujing. \"I asked my best friend to come with me in the beginning because I wasn't brave enough to speak in front of so many people,\" says Li. \"Now I am much more confident performing onstage.\" Jiao Miao, a conductor with the NCPA Chorus who graduated from the China Conservatory of Music, says: \"Art programs teach students to have better links between the knowledge they learn from textbooks and the actual experience of performing onstage.\"", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "An accusation that Master Xuecheng, abbot of the Beijing-based Longquan Temple and former head of the Buddhist Association of China, sent female monks obscene messages is true, China's top religious affairs regulator said on Thursday. Verification came after an accusation against Xuecheng in early August in a 95-page report of various violations, including sexual harassment of several nuns, illegally expanding the scale of the temple and embezzling donations from believers. Investigations found Xuecheng is suspected of violating Buddhist precepts by sending female monks obscene messages, and will receive punishment according to the constitution of the Buddhist Association of China, the State Administration for Religious Affairs said in a statement. The allegedly illegal construction of the temple was found to have no construction license, and the use of a large amount of temple funds was found to be in violation of financial management regulations. Related departments are investigating the problems, it said. The reported sexual harassment is still under investigation by Beijing public security, according to the statement.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "With the theme \"AI Genesis\", the 2018 Global Mobile Internet Conference was held in Beijing from April 26 to 28, showcasing how artificial intelligence has becoming more influential to our daily lives by shifting from things like home robots and smart speakers to food printers and autonomous vehicles. Well-known scientists, executives, investors and entrepreneurs from around the globe gathered for the three-day event to discuss hot topics on cutting-edge technologies, and over 200 companies attended the exhibition to demonstrate their latest technology. This year marks the 10th anniversary of GMIC Beijing, which indicates the start of a new era featuring AI technology.", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "A lack of scenic attractions has not stopped Shaoshan, a small city in Central China's Hunan province, from becoming one of the country's top tourism destinations. It attracted 20 million visitors last year, cementing its status as one of China's 246 5A-level tourism zones. They all came to commemorate Mao Zedong, the founding father of New China, who was born in Shaoshan in 1893. During this year's weeklong National Day holiday, in early October, there were more than 10,000 cars and buses parked every day in the parking lot of the local tourism exchange center, where tourists can transfer to shuttle buses. Almost two weeks after the holiday ended, the center was still full of tourists from all over China. Mao, who spent his childhood in Shaoshan, went on to join and lead the Communist Party of China, and play a central role in the founding of the People's Republic of China in 1949. Just two years later, his former residence in Shaoshan was opened to the public as a place of interest, sowing the seeds for the growth of Red tourism in the city. Following Mao's death in 1976, red tourism further prospered in the 1980s, with many people wanting to express their condolences and commemorate the late chairman of the CPC Central Committee. \"I am on a business trip to Changsha and I took the opportunity to come here to commemorate Chairman Mao,\" said Cheng Zedong, a 60-year-old Party member from Sichuan province. \"It has long been my dream to visit Chairman Mao's former residence and now the dream has finally come true.\" Most of the brochures in tourism agencies in Changsha, Hunan's provincial capital, list Shaoshan as a \"must-see\" tourism destination. Tourism mushroomed after Mao's former residence was given 5A ranking in 2011, and it is now the main pillar supporting the local economy, reaping 6 billion yuan ($865 million) last year. Xiong Juan, a local tour guide, said she can earn about 10,000 yuan a month, more than the average monthly income in Beijing. \"In the past, most of the tourists were seniors or middle-aged people,\" she said. \"In the past decade, we have increasingly had more college students, and even middle school and primary school pupils who come in groups. They hope to learn more about China's history and pay their respects to Chairman Mao.\" But the tourism boom did create one major problem: Traffic jams. \"The tourism zone is only 5 kilometers from the nearest highway exit,\" said Yin Zhigang, Party secretary at Shaoshan Tourism Development Group. \"However, around the year 2011, there were so many cars and buses that it took four hours for a car to finish the 5-km route.\" That's why the group invested 680 million yuan to build the transfer center, which opened on March 25, 2016. Tourists can now transfer from buses or cars to shuttle buses there, or just walk into the tourism zone. In the three National Day holidays since the launch of the transfer center, traffic has flowed smoothly in Shaoshan's tourism zone. Nowadays it's rare to hear a car horn there. Earlier this year, the city Party committee and the city government issued a three-year plan on further developing red tourism in the zone. According to a leading local tourism official, they hope to stress the role of red education in the sector. By 2020, the number of visitors to Shaoshan each year is expected to exceed 26 million, with 30 percent of local residents making a living from tourism.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "In a suite with a small living room at the Puleyuan Nursing Home in Beijing, air conditioning, TV, curtains and lightings are all controlled by Tmall Genie, Alibaba's voice-assistant smart speaker. The smart nursing home pilot project, launched by Alibaba Group Holding Ltd in Beijing on Dec 26, 2017, is first of its kind in the country. Senior residents living at the nursing home can activate these electronic devices simply through voice commands. In addition, the room is equipped with a sensor that can sense human body, air humidity and temperature, which ensures the safety of the environment for residents. At night, it can sense the wake-up motion and automatically turn on the lights.,Nie Zaiqing, artificial intelligence (AI) research senior director at Alibaba AI Labs, said Alibaba will provide AI solutions to more nursing homes in the future and Tmall Genie will be introduced in more nursing projects. \"More than one million Chinese families are using Tmall Genie. In the next stage, we will cooperate with more partners to develop internet of things products for senior people and children,\" Nie said. Yan Shua, warden at the nursing home, said he hopes the technology can improve the nursing service quality and make up for some deficiencies at the present stage. Last July, the State Council, China's Cabinet, issued the national AI development plan, aiming to build a 1 trillion yuan ($151 billion) AI core industry by 2030 to stimulate as much as 10 trillion yuan in related business.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "  It may be a well-worn cliche, but first impressions do matter, as much for places as they do for people.  Upon my recent return to the Chinese capital from a visit to London, I was thinking a lot about the first impressions that first-time foreign visitors must have of Beijing when they arrive.  Needless to say, they are no doubt impressed by the gleaming modernity of Beijing Capital International Airport, and in particular Terminal 3, which is world-class by any standard and can surely match any airport in any developed country.      Sadly, for most people, that illusion is likely to be dispelled the moment they pass through the automatic doors and seek a means of transport to go to the city, and are confronted by an array of taxi touts offering rides for ludicrous prices.  My latest return to Beijing took place in the early hours of the morning. Normally I would take advantage of the excellent bus service which links the airport with many areas of the city for a reasonable fare, in my case about 30 yuan ($4.40) for the trip back to China Daily.  As a long-term resident of Beijing, and having traveled from the airport more times than I can recall, I know the drill, and I know how much it really costs to take a taxi back into the city.  So you can imagine my sense of disbelief and shock when I asked an airport employee if there were still any buses running at that late hour.  Her swift reply was \"no, taxi is 350 yuan to go to the city\". Had I replied to her, I am afraid that it would have been unprintable in a family newspaper.  What was even more outrageous was that I could plainly see that the ticket office for buses into the city was still open (a limited night service was running), so what on earth was she talking about?  Anyway, I merely walked on, purchased my ticket and boarded the bus, which soon set off down the airport expressway to stops along the Third Ring Road.  It's one thing if a freelance taxi tout tells you some tall story about the transport situation, but when a uniformed employee of the capital city's airport spouts such nonsense, then serious questions ought to be asked of the authorities running Beijing's major international transport hub.  Such behavior is certain to tarnish the reputation of our city in the eyes of foreign visitors, it contradicts the authorities' efforts to build Beijing into a modern, world-class metropolis.  And my advice to any first-time travelers to Beijing is to avoid the taxis at the airport. It's easy to find the ticket office for the bus service, and in the daytime it offers a very comprehensive service for a very economical fare.  Contact the writer at ian@chinadaily.com.cn    (China Daily 04/18/2017 page2)", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "The 13 cities monitored in the area reported \"good\" air quality on 52.6 percent of days during the January-September period, down 8.7 percentage points from the ratio in the same period last year, according to Liu Zhiquan, head of environmental monitoring at the Ministry of Environmental Protection The density of PM2.5 in those cities went up 10.3 percent percent from a year ago, and the density of PM10 climbed 10.7 percent. In September, Beijing had \"good\" air quality on 53.3 percent of the days, down 13.4 percentage points from the share in the same period last year. Density of PM10 surged by a staggering 53.8 percent in the capital. Nationwide, the 338 cities monitored by the MEP reported good or excellent air quality on 79.4 percent of the days in the first three quarters, slight down from the same period last year. Air quality usually worsens in winter in northern China where cold weather conditions and the burning of coal for heating combine to exacerbate the situation. To improve air quality in the season, the MEP has started rounds of on-site environmental inspections in cities around the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei area.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Winter sports such as ice hockey, skiing and figure skating are becoming increasingly popular as the 2022 Winter Olympics approaches. As the 2022 Beijing Winter Olympics approaches, more winter sports enthusiasts are participating in ice activities in Beijing. Winter sports such as ice hockey, skiing and figure skating are becoming increasingly popular among the general public. Shichahai, Summer Palace and many shopping malls in Beijing now provide winter sports venues. In 2018, the number of winter sports youth athletes in Beijing was 4,531, an increase of more than 60 percent compared with 2017. On Sept 5, 2018, the State Sports General Administration announced the 2018-22 plan of \"mobilizing 300 million people to participate in ice and snow sports\".", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "A total of 30 thangka paintings from top Nepalese artists are on display in Beijing, as part of efforts to promote cultural exchanges between China and Nepal. Thangka is a Buddhist scroll painting on cotton or silk. The art has more than 1,300 years of history and typically depicts Buddhist deities. Such paintings use mineral and organic pigments derived from coral, pearl, agate, sapphire, gold and other materials, so that the color stays vibrant for centuries, which makes them invaluable both in artistic and commercial terms. Thangka is an important art form in Nepal, and also plays an important role among the Tibetan ethnic group, as both share the Buddhist culture. The Belt and Road Initiative: Nepal Thangka Art Exhibition is co-organized by Art Kathmandu, an art gallery in Nepal, and the China Nepal Cultural Exchange Center. The exhibition is open to the public through May 5. \"Nepal and China are connected by geography, history and culture. The historically rich cultural relations between the two countries have evolved over thousands of years. Buddhism is one of the bridges which linked Nepal and China, since time immemorial,\" said Harishchandra Ghimire, minister counselor from the Embassy of Nepal in Beijing, at the opening ceremony earlier this month. Lumbini in southern Nepal is the birthplace of Shakyamuni Buddha. China also has many sacred Buddhist sites, such as the Wutai and Putuo mountains. Besides the economic benefits, such cultural exchanges can help bring people from different countries closer, says Zhang Shubin, director of the Nepal Study Center at Hebei University of Economics and Business. The exhibition is a good warmup activity for the ongoing second Belt and Road Forum for International Cooperation, he adds. The exhibits show the life of Buddha from birth to the attainment of nirvana and the images of different Buddhist deities. For example, one painting shows how Shakyamuni was born from the armpit of his mother and how seven lotuses generated from his seven footprints. In another painting, Manjusri, an avatar of the Buddha who represents transcendent wisdom, is depicted. He is said to have shaped Kathmandu, the capital of Nepal, with his sword. The painting with the thousand-hands and thousand-eyes Guanyin, or Avalokitesvara bodhisattva, shows the ability to see all suffering on Earth and give blessings to more people, according to Bhusan Kayastha, a research scientist at the National Astronomical Observatories of the Chinese Academy of Sciences in Beijing and CEO of Art Kathmandu, a co-organizer of the exhibition. \"Each deity has their unique iconography. Some look fierce, with red or blue-colored skin, or by holding a weapon, but that only serves to show their power and ability to fight the devil and protect people,\" he says. \"Thangka paintings are a beautiful art form. You don't have to be a Buddhist to admire them,\" he says. \"They can help calm you down when you are tired or angry.\" There are also silk fans from Suzhou, Jiangsu province, on display, upon which Buddhist patterns are painted by Nepalese artists. \"These fans represent the true spirit of the China-Nepal cultural exchange,\" he adds. Wei Jiahui, 19, a college student in Beijing, says he was happy to visit the exhibition and learn about a different culture. He says the show for him was \"a good chance to acquire some new knowledge\" about Buddhism.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "The world's eyes were on Beijing on Aug 8, 2008, as the Olympic Games opened grandly at Bird's Nest - the national stadium for the Games, on that day. On its 10th anniversary this year, the Bird's Nest Culture Center will open an Olympic-themed exhibition free to the public.  Featuring photos, documents, videos and interactive installations, exhibition   will showcase Beijing's achievements in inheriting the Olympic spirit and promoting the Olympic culture, the after-Games use of the stadiums, as well as the preparation work for a green and sustainable winter Games in 2022.  Technology is bringing new vitality to exhibitions nowadays. One big selling point of the show is the interactive apparatuses using VR and sensing technologies, which invite visitors to play and test their sporting skills. the first of the exhibit's four sections, focuses on the importance of after-competition use of the stadiums.   narrates Beijing's achievements in inheriting the Olympic heritage over the past decade.   presents preparation works of the 2022 Games as infrastructure constructions and reconstructions are underway.   traces the history and development of winter sports in China. It's also in this section that Qing Dynasty (1644-1911) painting   becomes dynamic and interactive, thanks to digital media and motion sensing technologies., was a winter activity regularly performed for imperial audiences, especially during the Qianlong emperor's reign in the 18th century. In the exhibition's interaction zone, the ancient painting is brought alive, literally. Human figures and sceneries depicted in the painting will go motional as soon as visitors approach. Standing in front of it, people can not only have a close look at the process of the ancient   games, but can also command players in the artwork, such as capping on the number of participants, and selecting the costumes they wear and flags they wave. The device took three months to finish, according to its maker, Crystal CG, a subsidiary of Beijing State-owned Assets Management Co (BSAM), which specializes in computing and graphing. BSAM is also one of the major constructors and operators for venues for the Beijing Olympics, such as the National Aquatics Center and the \"Ice Ribbon\" - the speed skating venue for the 2022 Games. Movie lovers will also be treated to a feast of sports-themed films at the exhibition. Since the 2008 Games, the Bird's Nest has become a popular tourist destination as well as a cultural venue for exhibitions, sports and other leisure activities. The Beijing organizing committee of the 2022 Games has emphasized a green and sustainable winter Olympics. Guidelines for planning and building the venues insist on green designs and constructions for easy use after the Games and long-term contribution to the city's development.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "    BEIJING - On the east side of Beijing's Tiananmen Square, the National Museum of China draws crowds with its rich cultural relics and artworks. But the world's largest museum also boasts a \"living treasure\" - Zhang Peng, China's most famous museum interpreter. After 15 years as a volunteer interpreter, Zhang has a large following in the museum and on social media. People ask for his duty roster in order to catch his tours. His book on the Forbidden City has sold out in downtown bookstores. Running children keep quiet when he starts speaking. They address the 34-year-old as \"Brother\". Zhang started volunteering in 2003, when he was a law student at university. Unlike his schoolmates who looked for internships, he spent his time in museums. Born in Shaanxi Province, home of relics such as the terracotta army, Zhang loved learning about culture and history. He recalls being mesmerized by treasures he had seen only in textbooks on his first visit to the National Museum. Zhang learned his guide was a volunteer and he immediately delivered his resume. Two months later, he had a volunteer job. Every weekend, he would rise early, and take a two-hour bus trip from his campus to the museum. He would interpret for four or five hours, and head home after dark. \"I like being close to these precious relics. It's fantastic,\" he says, \"and it is free.\" Sometimes he also volunteers in other museums including the Forbidden City and the China Millennium Monument. He continued volunteering after starting a paid job. In 2009, he won a national museum interpreter competition, which brought him national acclaim and accolades such as \"Beijing May Fourth Medal\", the highest honor for young Beijingers. Chinese museum interpreters have long been stereotyped as guides who stand firm, recite their scripts monotonously, and have little personal interaction with their audience. However, Zhang believes he has a responsibility to show that a museum interpreter can be a good speaker and inspire people with a desire to learn. Zhang asks questions to involve his audience and enriches official scripts with interesting stories or academic arguments, encouraging audiences to think.,He kneels to eye level with children and speaks simply so they can understand. Many primary schools now invite him to give lessons on cultural relics. \"I have two cupboards of gifts made by my little audiences, including a girl's note saying 'Marry me'\", says Zhang with a blush. Since 2008, many Chinese museums have opened for free. Museum, exhibition and visitor numbers have grown rapidly. By 2016, China had 4,873 museums and more than 30,000 exhibitions were held annually, drawing 900 million visitors. Pictures of sensational exhibitions and rare treasures sweep social media, while books and documentaries are made into period dramas. \"Well-known interpreters are gaining followers. They are one of the most enchanting features of China's museums,\" Pan Shouyong, Professor of Anthropology and Museology at Minzu University of China, told Xinhua on Thursday, the annual International Museum Day. Museums are adapting to the new environment. \"In the past, Chinese museums considered collections and research their priorities, but now they focus on the public,\" says Pan. In 2014, Zhang resigned his post at a state-owned enterprise and started a business educating teenagers about museums. He offers online and offline courses on exhibitions, sells books and organizes study trips abroad. It was difficult at first, but Zhang has confidence, as the government called for social forces to participate in public culture services earlier this year. He still volunteers in museums. \"I want to help young people develop an interest in museums, which are wonderful places to visit again and again,\" says Zhang.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Areas in Beijing need to improve their electronic parking systems as a number of devices have been shown to be recording the wrong license plates, a Xinhua News Agency magazine reported on Tuesday. The report further said that an app used for parking services takes too long to verify for some users. Three districts in the capital since Jan 1 have rolled out electronic parking meters to improve order on the city's roads. More than 13,000 electronic parking meters have been installed along the roads in Beijing's Dongcheng, Xicheng and Tongzhou districts. A total of 7.97 million electronic car parking service tickets have already been issued for roadside parking tolls in the districts, according to Beijing Municipal Commission of Transport statistics. However, 0.3 percent of tickets have encountered problems. \"It's not a small amount and more than 20,000 car drivers might be affected,\" said Zhao Zhen, director of the static traffic management department of the city's transport commission. By the end of 2019, all roads in Beijing will apply electronic parking tolls through a mobile app. But some car owners said the app sometimes takes more than a week to verify and that the app's design is not user-friendly. Wang Jiong, deputy director of the Beijing Parking Management Center, said the institute had added manpower to investigate and solve bugs in the app. Xicheng district in the capital will also put 30 new monitoring devices into use by the end of June to strengthen the supervision of its electronic parking system, according to Gao Jun, deputy director of the Xicheng traffic police detachment.", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "BEIJING - Beijing Municipal air pollution emergency response office on Tuesday issued a yellow alert for smog, reminding residents to take precautions against it. The air pollution will persist until Thursday. The central part of the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region is forecast to see moderate to severe air pollution during the period, said a source with the Beijing Municipal Bureau of Ecology and Environment. The yellow alert is issued when the air quality index surpasses 200 or the average density of PM2.5 stays above 150 micrograms per cubic meter for two consecutive days. Under Beijing's current three-tier warning system, the yellow alert is the least severe, followed by orange and red. The yellow alert and above will trigger a series of compulsory emergency responses including the suspension of outdoor construction operations to reduce dust, the restriction of heavy pollution vehicles or the suspension of production in smokestack industries.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "I came to Beijing last fall to teach for the University of Colorado Denver, part of the program at the International College of Beijing, located on China Agricultural University's east campus. While my husband and son stayed in the US, I brought my 12-year-old daughter with me. We felt it would be a wonderful opportunity for her to experience another culture, learn another language, and generally expand her horizons. We were hopeful that she would make some Chinese friends her own age, figuring that girls her age would be naturally curious and anxious to share their experiences. What we have found here has been a little bit different.   The biggest problem my daughter has had making friends is finding people her age who have a little bit of time to spare. We have learned that childhood in China is different than childhood in the United States. In the US, children spend several hours each day in school and then, typically, participate in one or two other activities, such as soccer or piano lessons. Most have at least a couple of weekday afternoons free along with most weekends. They spend this time making friends, playing games, and pursuing their own leisure interests in an unstructured fashion. My daughter is fond of playing on the local volleyball team and spending time with her friends, often walking to a local shop for a soda, jumping on the trampoline, or watching a movie. She also likes to draw, paint, and write poetry. Chinese students' lives are different. Once they begin school, their time is not their own. Like their US counterparts, they spend several hours each day in school. Then they have homework, far more homework than US students. This takes them several more hours. Then they have their outside activities, such as piano lessons, math club, English lessons, and art class. Virtually all of their time is planned and scheduled, leaving them little or no leisure time to spend with friends their own age or to explore new interests. Perhaps this is why we so seldom see our neighbor children outside of their trips to and from school. Perhaps this is why my daughter has made no Chinese friends (just a few other expatriates) and is anxious to return to her public school in the US next fall. In the time we've spent in Beijing, my daughter and I have had some wonderful experiences. We have seen some of this great country, we have experienced a new and different culture, and we have learned a bit of the local language. We have made friends, both expatriates and locals, but all are grown. One advantage to this is my young daughter has matured rapidly and learned to adapt to adult conversation and company. While I'm looking forward to returning to Beijing next fall, I expect I'll be returning alone. ", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "Chongli, about 150 kilometers northwest of Beijing, has become a mecca for China's fast-growing band of skiing enthusiasts in the three years since the capital successfully bid to co-host the 2022 Winter Olympics. Even though 35-year-old Wang Yang, a media worker and enthusiastic skier from Beijing, knows the ski resorts will be crowded at this time of the year, he's maintaining his weekly routine of trips to Chongli, a district in Zhangjiakou, Hebei province. To escape the stress of city life, he drives three and a half hours every weekend from his home in western Beijing's Gongzhufen area to Genting Resort Secret Garden, a ski resort in Chongli. \"I have been enchanted with skiing for seven years,\" Wang said, adding that the thrill of skiing down a snow-covered mountain at high speed always makes him eager to go again. He used to ski closer to home but has opted for Chongli as a regular skiing spot in recent years because it has become a \"big star\" in the skiing world since July 2015, when Beijing won the right to co-host the 2022 Winter Olympics. Chongli will hold 50 Olympic events in six disciplines-snowboarding, freestyle skiing, cross-country skiing, ski jumping, Nordic combined and biathlon-according to the Beijing Organizing Committee for the 2022 Olympic and Paralympic Winter Games. \"It's a great thrill for a ski-lover like me to play at a host venue for an Olympic Games because all of its infrastructure must be at international level,\" Wang said. Hosting the Winter Olympics has given Chongli great momentum to further develop its winter sports industry. A winter sports destination for two decades, the district now boasts seven resorts for skiing and skating, four of which are listed among the top 10 in China, according to its tourism bureau. The resorts have 169 ski slopes with a total length of 162 kilometers, and can host more than 50,000 skiers a day. In 2017, about 4 million tourists visited Chongli, mainly for skiing, three times as many as in 2012, according to the district's tourism bureau. Thaiwoo Ski Resort, a resort in Chongli with 34 ski slopes covering 800,000 square meters, expects to receive 250,000 visitors during the 2018-19 winter season, which runs from November to April, according to its marketing director, Wu Qiong.,\"The number of visitors will be five times greater than during the 2015-16 winter season, the first after Beijing won the bid,\" Wu said. He said the resort will see many more winter tourists in the coming years because a high-speed railway line linking Beijing with Zhangjiakou will be put into operation this year. \"About 90 percent of our visitors are from neighboring places, including Beijing, Tianjin and other cities in Hebei,\" Wu said. The train will cut the travel time from Beijing to Zhangjiakou to about one hour and make tourists' travel much easier, he said. The winter tourism boom in Chongli is emblematic of a widespread phenomenon. Chongli and Beijing's Yanqing district, spurred by preparations for hosting the 2022 Winter Olympics, are just two popular winter tourism destinations attracting growing numbers of tourists. China's northeastern provinces-Heilongjiang and Jilin-have long been the country's traditional hot spots for winter tourism due to their cold, snowy winters, and there are also some emerging destinations for winter tourism, including the Xinjiang Uygur autonomous region, Inner Mongolia autonomous region, and the provinces of Liaoning, Qinghai and Gansu, according to the China Tourism Academy. Yang Xue, a 29-year-old resident of Baotou, Inner Mongolia, started to ski last year after being intrigued by her friends' social media postings about the sport. \"Many of my friends have been participating in winter sports in recent years and they seemed to be having much fun,\" Yang said, adding that she had skied twice at a new resort in a suburb of Baotou. To promote winter sports, Inner Mongolia plans to build more than 200 skating rinks and 30 ski resorts by 2025, Inner Mongolia Daily reported. The number of winter tourists in China reached 170 million in the 2016-17 season, with revenue from winter tourism reaching 270 billion yuan ($39 billion), according to statistics from the China Tourism Academy. It forecast that winter tourist numbers will rise to 340 million in the 2021-22 season, with revenue of 670 billion yuan. The flourishing winter tourism in China has also attracted overseas enthusiasts. Ted Wood, 56, founder of the International Sports and Media Development Group, grew up skiing in his hometown close to Lake Placid, New York, which hosted the Winter Olympics in 1932 and 1980.,He said winter sports are becoming a bigger part of Chinese leisure activities as the country prepares for the Winter Olympics. \"Winter sports are getting more Chinese out of their homes to do healthy exercise in the cold, escape from the stress of life, and enjoy the fresh air that us skiers love, \" Wood said. Attracted by the rapid development of winter sports in China, Wood plans to spend part of the year in China in the future. He is exploring the establishment of an \"East West winter sports association\", which would focus on winter sports development in China and link those interested in it with the rest of the world. \"Prospects for winter sports in China are very good because many people in the West want to visit China, to ski or skate or to do related business,\" Wood said. However, Chinese people's participation in winter sports is still at a low level, and most people only go skiing or skating occasionally, Li Shuwang, executive director of the Humanistic Olympic Studies Center affiliated with Renmin University of China, said in an interview with Guangming Daily. The number of visitors participating in winter sports only accounted for 27.6 percent of tourists during the 2016-17 winter season, according to the China Tourism Academy, with the rest traveling to see winter scenery or exhibitions. A study by the National Survey Research Center at Renmin University showed that about 62 million Chinese participated in ice and snow sports from 2017 to 2018, around 5 percent of the country's population. \"Insufficient infrastructure is the biggest barrier for the masses to participate in winter sports,\" Wang Weidong, deputy head of the center, told Guangming Daily. He said China has 0.2 ski resorts per million people, compared with 31.75 in Austria, 24.25 in Switzerland, and 8.23 in Canada. Convenient and economical ski resorts are needed to popularize ice and snow sports, Wang Weidong said. China launched ice and snow sports development plans in 2016 that aim to see the value of the industry reach 600 billion yuan by 2020. The country also aims to have 650 skating rinks by 2022, up from 200 in 2015, and 800 ski resorts, up from 500.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Beijing Capital International Airport handled its 100 millionth passenger of the year on Friday, making it the first Chinese airport, and the second in the world, to reach the milestone, the airport said in a news releases. Since 1978, when its annual passenger was just 1.03 million, the airport has seen an average annual growth rate in passenger traffic of 12.1 percent. It has also witnessed dramatic growth in terms of cargo traffic, handling 2 million metric tons of cargo this year, compared with 34,000 tons 40 years ago. Opened in 1958, the capital's main airport has been the world's second-busiest airport in terms of passenger traffic since 2010. The airport also plays an important role in the regional economy. According to the airport, it contributed over 140 billion yuan ($20.43 billion) annually to the regional economy from 2013 to 2017, providing a total of 611,000 jobs.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "There are so many secret workings of nature during wintertime. After a long but fruitless waiting for the first snow, people in Beijing choose to go to the outskirt of the city and appreciate the ice cascade. Located at the Shenquan Valley of Mentougou district, the scenic spot is 45 kilometers drive from downtown Beijing. Visitors can have a unique travel experience here through mountain climbing, picnic and sightseeing.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "China's top environmental watchdog has vowed to succeed in air pollution control this year by enhancing the management of diesel-powered trucks while further reducing industrial emissions. The Ministry of Ecology and Environment will continue this year to implement the 2018-20 air pollution control plan, which aims to control bulk coal consumption, poorly managed polluting enterprises and industrial boilers, and minimize the emissions of the steel industry. The ministry will also carry out a campaign on diesel truck management, Minister Li Ganjie said at the ministry's annual conference, which concluded on Saturday. Under the ministry's guidelines released early this month, the diesel truck management campaign will increase rail cargo transportation by 30 percent over 2017 levels by next year. Ships and trains will handle most of the medium\u00a3\u00adand long-distance cargo transportation by then. Most trucks will no longer leave trails of black smoke by then, and emission levels of at least 90 percent of the trucks will stand below the national standard, under the plan. The plan also vows to promote the use of trucks powered by new and clean energies in cargo transportation. Currently, diesel trucks are a major contributor to air pollution in China. According to Beijing Municipal Ecological Environment Bureau research, diesel trucks represent only about 4 percent of total internal combustion engines in Beijing, but they contribute 90 percent of the particulate matter from such engines. Emissions from internal combustion engines are to blame for 45 percent of locally generated air pollution in the capital, the bureau concluded. Beijing has set up a database that includes 140,000 non-locally registered trucks with substandard emissions that will be barred from entering the capital, Beijing Vice-Mayor Yang Bin, who oversees environmental protection, said on Wednesday on the sidelines of the annual session of the 13th Beijing Municipal Committee of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference. Yang said Beijing handed out many more penalties on trucks with substandard emissions last year. Fixing urea-spraying facilities will help reduce emissions of nitric oxide, a major air pollutant from diesel exhaust, but many diesel trucks haven't fixed or operated the facilities as required, according to He Kebin, dean of Tsinghua University's School of Environment. The senior air pollution control expert said China's 20 million diesel trucks should consume a total of 1.35 million metric tons of urea a year if they spray the urea as required, but investigation indicates they only consume about 700,000 tons a year. Li, the minister, said 2018 was a year with marked progress in air pollution control. \"We have successfully delivered all the obligatory targets set for 2018 and stayed in line with the timetable outlined by the 13th Five-Year Plan (2016-20),\" Li said. According to the ministry, 338 major Chinese cities saw about 79 percent of days with fairly good air quality in 2018, 1.3 percentage points higher than 2017. The density of PM2.5 particulate matter dropped by 9.3 percent and reached 39 micrograms per cubic meter last year.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Editor's Note: On Friday, the ongoing Fifth World Internet Conference in Wuzhen, Zhejiang province, will hold a forum on \"5G Era: Opening and Cooperation for a Better Future\". In the run-up to the key event, in interviews with China Daily, industry luminaries recalled how China's sustained R&D efforts have helped the nation maintain its pioneering role in evolving 5G mobile communication technology, related standards and the licensing phase. Chinese telecom companies are seeking to maintain their lead in the global race for 5G commercialization. They are stepping up research and development of the fifth-generation mobile communication technology, which is said to be at least 10 times faster than 4G services. They are also deepening partnerships with various industries to roll out commercial services sooner than later, industry insiders said. For instance, China Mobile Communications Corp, the world's largest telecom carrier with more than 910 million mobile subscribers, is planning to combine 5G with artificial intelligence and cloud technology for an ultramodern network that is slated for a 2020 rollout. The company has played a significant role in the finalization of the first phase of global 5G standards, which kicked off the head stretch toward commercial 5G services. Shang Bing, chairman of China Mobile, said: \"We will focus on the standalone 5G network structure, push forward the cloud deployment of the superfast technology and build an intelligent network by boosting the operational efficiency with AI.\" According to him, the company will establish a 5G innovation fund to promote the development and maturity of full-fledged industrial applications of 5G. The senior executive did not elaborate on the specific investment size of the fund. But he said the Beijing-based company is vigorously conducting 5G trials in several cities and will start pre-commercial use of 5G in 2019 before the planned commercial launch in 2020. The new technology will enable superfast downloads of \"heavy\" files like movies, self-driving cars and streaming of virtual reality games. \"Telecom operators must accelerate the transformation toward smart networks, lean management and platform services, so as to prepare for the 5G era,\" Shang said. China is expected to have 576 million 5G users by 2025, or over 40 percent of global consumption, according to a report released by global consultancy EY earlier this month. The report, titled China is Poised to Win the 5G Race, estimated that the nation's 5G capital expenditure is expected to hit 1.5 trillion yuan ($223 billion) between 2019 and 2025. Proactive government support and big-ticket investments have helped shape a self-sustainable 5G environment in China, it added. With the global unified standard set to be finalized in the next year or so, China is likely to advance its target for the commercial launch of 5G connections to 2019, to potentially become one of the first 5G-ready markets in the world, EY forecast. Besides China Mobile, smaller telecom carriers including China Telecommunications Corp and China United Network Communications Group Co Ltd are moving fast to upgrade their networks. China Telecom said it will conduct scale trials of 5G applications in 17 cities. The State-owned company will also set up 5G innovation centers to accelerate R&D. \"Cross-industry cooperation is needed to speed up the maturity of 5G. China Telecom will step up efforts to push forward such collaboration,\" Yang Jie, chairman of China Telecom, said. \"We aim to launch commercial 5G services in 2020.\" At an expo jointly held by China Telecom and the US chip giant Qualcomm Inc in Guangzhou, capital of Guangdong province, in September, the telecom carrier launched an action plan called Hello 5G to promote an ecosystem where companies from diverse sectors can join hands for growth. Similarly, China Unicom said it will start 5G testing this year, precommercialize 5G in 2019 and finally achieve large-scale commercialization in 2020. Ma Hongbing, general manager of operations and maintenance at China Unicom, said 16 cities, including Beijing, Xiongan, Shenyang and Qingdao, will see large-scale 5G testing this year. All these efforts follow the rollout of favorable policies by the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, China's regulator, which is seeking to expedite the development of 5G. Wang Zhiqin, head of a 5G promotion group under the MIIT, said the second half of 2019 could well be the earliest that China may issue 5G licenses. \"We will be among the first batch of countries to issue 5G licenses in the world, most likely between the second half of 2019 and the first half of 2020,\" said Wang, who is also the vice-president of the China Academy of Information and Communications Technology, a government think tank affiliated to the MIIT. In the past, China lagged other countries in issuing 4G and 3G licenses. But in 5G, the nation has already played an important role in finalizing the global standards and raced ahead in R&D. \"Frequency bands are likely to be distributed to telecom carriers before the end of this year, which will accelerate the construction of 5G networks,\" Wang said. According to her, medium-frequency bands will be used for 5G networks in the country; and two of the country's three big telecom carriers, namely China Mobile and China Telecom, preferred to build standalone 5G networks from the very beginning, in contrast to the United States and South Korea where companies are building non-standalone 5G networks. Non-standalone 5G deployment offers a way for companies to set up 5G stations by partially relying on the existing 4G network infrastructure while standalone architecture would require completely new structures. \"The cost of building a 5G base station will be at least 1.5 times that of a 4G base station, which will put pressure on telecom carriers,\" Wang said. \"But the trend to innovate and apply 5G in a wide range of industries will motivate them to move fast.\" Agreed Steve Lo, managing partner of EY's technology, media and telecommunications division for the region. \"Proactive government support and investments in capital goods have helped shape a self-sustainable 5G environment in China,\" Lo said. \"China is determined to make 5G a top priority on its national agenda, striving to take a leadership role in the global landscape. It is also pressing for participation in the formulation of the international 5G standard to make China one of the main players.\" By now, China has neared the completion of its third-phase of 5G testing, thanks to the participation of both domestic companies such as Huawei Technologies Co Ltd and foreign enterprises such as Ericsson AB. The goal is to get pre-commercial system products ready by the end of this year. Liu Xuan, an employee of Shenzhen-based BGI, China's top gene-sequencing provider, said the company is engaged in a project using 5G technology to enhance medical services in remote areas. \"We are experimenting how to help doctors do sonograms for patients thousands of miles away by tapping into the superfast speed and extremely fast responses of 5G,\" Liu said.", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "Chinese judges say they are giving high priority to the enforcement of monetary judgments and are ordering stiff punishments for people who fail to comply. It's part of a redoubled effort to uphold justice and improve the rule of law, they say. \"We've increased the efficiency and accuracy of tracking down defaulters and their properties by cooperating with public security bureaus, banks and real estate registration entities,\" Beijing judge Chen Changyi said. He made the remark during a news conference in Beijing dealing with how judges serve the people, which was presented by the State Council Information Office on Wednesday. \"We've also strengthened penalties for people who are able to obey our rulings, such as someone who has the money to pay back a debt but refuses to do so,\" he added. Chen, from the capital's Haidian District People's Court, said his court has punished 286 defaulters since the start of 2017. The amount of money they refused to pay reached 2 billion yuan ($331 million). \"We also used WeChat to collect clues about defaulters and their properties last year,\" he said. Jiang Ying, a Beijing Intellectual Property Court judge, said the greatest difficulty in implementing IP-related verdicts is stopping defendants from harming plaintiffs' IP rights. \"We can't monitor defendants every day to see whether they were still damaging others' trademarks, copyrights or patents,\" she said. To solve the problem, a person whose IP rights have been damaged is allowed to file another lawsuit asking a court to increase the level of punishment, she said. In one trademark dispute, for example, Jiang's court tripled the amount of damages it had ordered a man to pay - to 600,000 yuan from the original 200,000 yuan - after repeated infringements. \"Such moves can threaten the infringer and speed up enforcement, as well as better protect IP rights,\" she added. Judges in Guangdong province have also made greater efforts to push people to comply with verdicts, especially when carrying out rulings in domestic cases or those involving juveniles, such as urging divorced defendants to pay child support, according to Chen Haiyi, a judge of the Guangzhou Intermediate People's Court. Since 2015, the Supreme People's Court has vowed to fight defaulters and take steps against them, as the problem often surfaces in public complaints. Now, people who fail to carry out verdicts will be prohibited from buying airline and high-speed rail tickets and face restrictions in purchasing luxury goods. As of March 29, 10.15 million airplane trips and 3.91 million rail trips have been blocked, the court said.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "With President Xi Jinping emphasizing building a strong confidence in Chinese culture, an increasing number of activities aimed at promoting Chinese culture across the world have been taking place since the 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China in November 2012. Organized or launched by the Ministry of Culture, the activities not only introduce Chinese culture to the world, but also enhance the cultural exchanges between Chinese people and other nations. Let\u00a1\u00afs take a look at some of these activities.   Happy Chinese New Year is a worldwide celebration hosted by the Ministry of Culture of China and Chinese authorities. It seeks to provide a global platform that is joyful, harmonious and accessible to all, to encourage people across the world to celebrate the Chinese New Year, experience the profound yet interesting Chinese culture and understand the huge achievements China has made, as a worldwide boom to visit and know China emerges. Since 2009, a number of celebrations have been held overseas under the theme, Happy Chinese New Year, engaging both Chinese based abroad and others from all over the world. In 2017, about 2,000 cultural activities have been held in over 400 cities across more than 130 countries and regions across the globe. The activities featured traditional events such as temple fairs, China lantern festivals, parades, exhibitions, special performances and   displays. As a p  of Happy Chinese New Year, \"Just Share It\", launched in 2015, is an annual online contest that invites people all over the world to share their photos of Chinese New Year celebrations.,  Launched in 2015 by the Ministry of Culture, Chinese Culture Talk is a series of lectures on Chinese philosophy, religion, literature, cuisine, medicine and traditional culture-related subjects. It is sponsored by the Bureau for External Cultural Relations of the Chinese Ministry of Culture. The Ministry of Culture selects three or four groups of young and middle-aged scholars to give lectures abroad every year with Chinese embassies, consulates, China Cultural Centers or local agencies around the world planning and organizing lectures or similar activities. Other ministries and social forces in China also send scholars to lecture abroad. More than 70 activities and lectures have been held in more than 30 countries, including the US, France, Italy, Cambodia and Indonesia. The content varies from philosophy, religion, cultural heritage, literature and art, costume, cooking and Chinese medicine.  Launched in 2006, the Arabic Arts Festival is to implement the program Declaration of the Forum on China-Arab Cooperation and Action Plan of the Forum on China-Arab Cooperation and promote China-Arabia cultural exchanges. Since its founding, it has become the largest and most influential arts festival between China and the Arab world, as well as a new connection and exchange platform for the two countries. In 2010, the second Arabic Arts Festival was opened in Beijing and 2014 saw the third festival held in Shanghai. On the occasion of the 10th anniversary of the Forum on China-Arabic Cooperation in 2014, President   announced at the sixth ministerial conference that 2014 and 2015 would be the China-Arabia Friendship Years. The third festival aimed to broaden exchanges and enhance friendship, based on the theme of \"turning a new page with the spirit of the Silk Road\".,  As a part of the Chinese government's endeavors to boost Xinjiang's culture, the first Xinjiang International Dance Festival was held in 2008. The event is a follow-up to the Belt and Road Initiative, aiming to bridge exchanges among different cultures along the Silk Road. This year saw the 5th festival held from July 20 to August 5 in Urumqi, which featured 21 art communities from 10 countries and regions that gave more than 60 performances. Its theme was \" Colorful Silk Road\", and Chinese Minister of Culture Luo Shugang pointed out at the opening ceremony that this dance festival was an important platform for cultural exchange along the Silk Road. Apart from splendid dance performances, the festival also included online dance interaction, a Chinese opera week, an oil   exhibition of young artists and the exhibition of cultural relics restoration.,  The first Sino-Foreign Literature Translation & Publishing Workshop (SFLTP) was launched by the Ministry of Culture in 2014 and has been held four times since then. The workshop aims to deepen the intellectual and cultural exchanges between China and foreign countries, strengthen the bonds and mutual learning between peoples and civilizations, promote in-depth cooperation, expertise sharing and project collaboration between Chinese and foreign experts and cultural institutions in the field of literature, publishing and translation. The SFLTP2017 workshop, including a series of visits, translators' salons and seminars, was held in August. It brought together a total of 46 foreign writers, translators, publishers and critics in related fields to discuss with their Chinese peers ways to improve Chinese literature translation and publishing.,  The Silk Road (Dunhuang) International Cultural Expo (SRDICE) is an important platform organized by the Chinese government for cultural cooperation and communication among countries involved in the Belt and Road Initiative. It's held annually in Dunhuang in Gansu, most famous for the Mogao caves as an important stop on the ancient Silk Road. The first SRDICE was opened in Dunhuang on Sept 20, 2016, attracting 95 delegations from 85 countries and five international organizations. It included a high-level conference, forums, cultural exhibitions and performances to display cultural products and promote cultural cooperation. The expo's cultural exhibitions showcased some 8,500 exhibits from more than 60 countries, ranging from cultural relics, fine arts and photography, creative designs to intangible heritage. The Dunhuang Declaration was launched at the expo. It plans paths and directions for cultural cooperation among countries along the Silk Road and lays a cultural foundation for development of the Belt and Road Initiative. The 2nd SRDICE will be held in Dunhuang from Sept 20-21.,   As part of a joint activity by neighbors and leading forces in East Asia, China, Japan and South Korea, the East Asia City of Culture program was first proposed by the cultural ministers of the three countries during the third ministerial conference in Nara, Japan, in January 2011. In the spirit of \"East Asian identity, cultural exchange, and mutual appreciation\", the East Asian City of Culture campaign selected one city from each of the participating countries from 2013. It aims to promote cultural diversity in East Asia, and to allow the three countries to foster mutual understanding and a sense of unity in the region. Quanzhou in Fujian province, Qingdao in   province, Ningbo in Zhejiang province, Changsha in Hunan province and Harbin in Heilongjiang province are the \"Culture City of East Asia\" since 2013.,  Launched by the Ministry of Culture in 2008, the China International Youth Arts Festival has been held for 10 times in the recent years. The festival aims to provide a platform for young artists from China and other countries to have more exchanges and communications. 2017 marks the 10th anniversary of the China International Youth Art Festival,   art delegations are specially invited to exchange and interact with the young artistic talents in Chinese mainland. In addition, from this year, youth cultural exchange and cooperation of art education will be conducted with member units of \"International Theatre Alliance along Silk Road\". The 2017 festival featured 115 shows from 36 countries and regions were presented in Beijing and other 11 cities in three weeks. Apart from concerts, dances, chamber music, operas, and musicals, various artistic activities covering exhibitions, forums as well as art education and training were also highlights of the festival.,  Launched in 2006, the China-ASEAN Cultural Forum aims to enhance the cultural cooperation and communications between China and member countries of ASEAN. The themes of the forum included the development of cultural industry, libraries and protection of intangible cultural heritage since its establishment in 2006. On Sept 11, the 12th China-ASEAN Cultural Forum was unveiled in Nanning in Guangxi Zhuang autonomous region.,  China International Chorus Festival, beginning in July 1992, is the most influential biennial chorus festival in China. The chorus festival is also the only national chorus art activity acknowledged by the State Council in China. Thousands of choruses and performers from more than 100 countries have graced the event with their beautiful voices since the launch of the festival. The event will continue to strengthen the cultural exchange between China and other countries. The 13th festival was held in Beijing in 2016, featuring 204 sessions of performances given by 238 choruses from 44 countries and regions. A total of 20 chorus concerts were staged at the Beijing Concert Hall and the Beijing Tianqiao Performing Arts Center during the festival. The year 2018 will see the 14th festival held in the capital city.,  The Sino-Russian Culture Fair is a regional cross-border exchange that was launched in 2010. The event is based in China's Heilongjiang province and Russia's Amurskaya Oblast, focusing on the Heihe city and Blagoveshchensk city. The event concerns itself with cultural exchanges and commerce, greater cooperation, and development through high-level meetings, exhibits, fairs, theatrical performances, sports culture, and cultural tourism, with, of course, many trade discussions and deals. The fair has become a new model of trade in border regions, by combining it with culture, and a regional mechanism as well for exchanges and cooperation. Sponsors of the Sino-Russian Culture Fair are China's Ministry of Culture, Russia's Ministry of Culture, the Heilongjiang provincial government, and the Amurskaya Oblast government. The 8th Sino-Russia Cultural Fair, held in 2017, featured a series of exhibitions of Russian craftworks, along with Chinese and Russian paintings, and art works from university students of the two countries.,  The annual Symposium on China Studies was first held in 2013, and was organized by the Ministry of Culture of China, Chinese Academy of Social Sciences and the Center of International Cultural Exchange. It was designed to boost cultural exchanges between Chinese scholars and Sinologists from other countries, as well as promote Sinology studies. The 2017 Symposium on China Studies was unveiled in Beijing on July 24. Twenty-six Sinologists from across 22 countries attended the forum, along with 19 domestic scholars and Sinologists from the Visiting Program for Young Sinologists in Zhengzhou. The forum, themed \"Belt and Road Initiative in a Global View\", included three panel sessions \u00a8C traditional culture and contemporary China, Chinese solution and global governance, and mutual development and common values \u00a8C which ran until July 25.,  The Beijing Music Festival was launched by the Ministry of Culture in 1998. The annual event has been held in Beijing every autumn for the past 19 years. The festival features orchestra concerts, operas, solo performances and dance dramas. It aims to enhance communications and cooperation between Chinese and foreign music lovers. It has become a brand among the cultural activities in Beijing. Up to now, more than 200 concerts and performances have been featured since the festival's launch in 1998.,  Since 1999, the China Shanghai International Arts Festival has been annually held in Shanghai. The festival features a variety of activities each year, including performances, art exhibitions and art fairs. It aims to promote traditional Chinese culture, boost the arts market and enhance the cultural exchanges between China and other countries. This year, the 19th festival will be held from Oct 20 to Nov 19. About 45 operas and performances, 10 exhibitions, two cultural weeks and 10 forums will be featured. A series of Chinese and foreign organizations and institutions will attend., The China (Shenzhen) International Cultural Industries Fair (ICIF) was first launched by the Ministry of Culture in 2004. As the only national, internationalized and integrated cultural industries fair in China, the ICIF focuses on exhibition and exchange and is committed to building a trade platform for China\u00a1\u00afs cultural industry products and projects, promoting and driving the development of China\u00a1\u00afs cultural industries and actively advancing the globalization of Chinese cultural products. It does not only promote the development of China's cultural industry, but also advances the globalization of Chinese cultural products. The 13th ICIF was held in May.,  Visiting Program for Young Sinologists is run by the Culture Ministry of China and Chinese Academy of Social Sciences. Since 2014, the annual event has aimed to strengthen cultural exchanges and set up a platform where young Sinologists worldwide can communicate and learn more about Chinese culture and history. Three sessions were held in 2014 and 2015, garnering positive reviews among scholars and experts across the world. In 2016, 31 sinologists from 26 countries attended the study project, with a wide range of research subjects, including Chinese literature, history, philosophy, art, linguistics, politics and sociology, and international relations. The 2017 project had two p : one involved 31 Sinologists from 28 countries, held in Zhengzhou in Henan province in July; the other involved 30 Sinologists from 29 countries, held in   from Sept 3 to 23.,  Meet in Beijing Arts Festival is a large-scale international festival hosted by China's Ministry of Culture, Beijing Municipality Government and the State Administration of Radio,   and Television. The festival was inaugurated in 2000 and held annually from late April to the end of May. In May 2000, Meet in Beijing Arts Festival made its debut and attracted 38 groups of artists, large and small, from 24 countries around the world. These artists offered the audience of Beijing, as well as other parts of China, 109 stage performances, 6 outdoor shows and 6 art exhibitions. After 15 successive sessions, Meet in Beijing has developed into a comprehensive international arts festival that has presented diverse and fabulous cultures and arts through performances by more than 30,000 artists and 1,000 art troupes from 115 countries and regions to over 4 million Chinese audience. The event in 2016 saw more than 400 artists from 25 countries join 400 Chinese perfor  to stage more than 100 performances and two theme exhibitions in Beijing. In 2017, 400 artists and 23 troupes from 21 countries and regions gave about 100 performances and exhibitions during the event.,  Sponsored by the Ministry of Culture, the Asia Arts Festival is the first international arts festival ever hosted by the People's Republic of China. Since its inauguration in Beijing in 1998, there have been 14 festivals held in different Chinese cities up to now. The 15th festival will be held in Ningbo in Zhejiang province from Sept 23 to Oct 23. Asian artists of different forms and media have brought to the festivals a great variety of art programs that are fresh, unique and stylistically diverse. Artists at the festivals often come out of their traditional venues and give performances in parks and other public places, bringing arts closer to the common people and at the same time broadening the Festival\u00a1\u00afs influence. The annual event has become not only a well-established international arts festival in Asia but also a perfect stage for Asian artists to exhibit the beauty and splendor of their arts.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Beijing's gross regional domestic product is 41 times higher than the 1978 figure, when the policy of reform and opening-up began, municipal government said on Friday. Beijing's GDP was 10.88 billion yuan ($1.58 billion) at the beginning of China's reform and opening-up policy, and that figure increased to 2801.49 billion yuan in 2017. The municipal government said that Beijing's economic growth, has been consistent, at 6.5 percent to 7 percent, since 2011. Beijing has increased its investment in the science and technology industries, in an effort to further develop the capital's economic structures, said the authority.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "  One year after Tong Jiajia was admitted to study at Peking University in 1998, the international relations major applied to participate in the Beijing College Student Dance Festival. For Tong, who is an amateur dancer and learned traditional Chinese folk dance as a child, it was a great stage to fulfill her dream of being a dancer. During her studies at Peking University, Tong participated in the annual dance festival every year, performing a variety of dances, including contemporary dance works, traditional Chinese folk dances and folk dances of other cultures. \"You don't have to be a dance professional to enjoy and perform dance works onstage. I truly enjoyed myself when I was dancing,\" says Tong. She adds that it's also a way to explore what it's like to be a dance professional and explore different styles of dance. The dance festival runs through June 2. The event has over 100 Beijing-based universities and colleges, including Peking University, Tsinghua University, Beijing Normal University and Renmin University of China, presenting 26 dance performances to the public, ranging from ballet and folk dance to contemporary performances.,  Now, as a teacher at the School of Arts of Peking University, Tong not only offers students dance training and dance theory, but also takes them to participate in the festival. This year, she will lead around two dozen students who study different majors at Peking University. They will perform a dance work titled Dainty Beauty. Tong says that the work is inspired by a trip in 2015 to Midu county in the Dali Bai autonomous prefecture located in western Yunnan province. Tong spent about a week there with five students, visiting villages and learning the local dance and music. The typical dance of that region sees performers dancing with fans and flower-decorated lanterns. In Dainty Beauty, students will preserve the authenticity of the dance while creating a contemporary take on those dance moves. \"Art education is vital for the development of a student. The primary focus of the Beijing College Student Dance Festival is to support and promote the talent and the students' creativity in college and university. It is an exciting and inspiring experience for our students,\" says professor Pan Zhishou of Beijing Dance Academy, one of the main organizers of the dance festival.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": " -- President Xi Jinping has said that people with disabilities are \"equal members of the global family,\" and the world needs to pay special attention to taking care of the disabled.  He made the remarks in a congratulatory letter to the High-level Intergovernmental Meeting on the Midpoint Review of the Asian and Pacific Decade of Persons with Disabilities (2013-2022), which opened Monday in Beijing.  The president hailed progress made in the welfare of disabled people in China since the reform and opening-up drive was launched about 40 years ago.  Xi said China was committed to a people-centered approach and ensuring and improving people's living standards through development, stated in the report delivered at the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China held in October.  \"China will continue to promote comprehensive development and common prosperity of disabled people,\" Xi said.  He also noted that the country would always promote common development in the international cause of the disabled, including within the Asia-Pacific region.  With the United Nations Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities and the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development, the protection of equal rights and the improvement of integrative development for disabled people have been acknowledged and encouraged by the international community.  Advocated by China, the Asian and Pacific Decade of Persons with Disabilities was initiated in Beijing to help Asian and Pacific countries and regions to communicate and learn from each other.  It is considered a strong model of regional cooperation in protecting disabled people.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "BEIJING -- The construction of the Beijing Daxing International Airport expressway will be completed this year, local transport authorities said Tuesday. According to a construction plan published by Beijing Municipal Commission of Transport, the north-south new airport expressway, and the middle part of an east-west expressway to the north of the airport will be open to traffic in June. The new airport, in southern Beijing, will be put into operation before Sept. 30, the country's top civil aviation official said last month. The city opened four new expressways to traffic in 2018, increasing the length of its expressway network by 102 km to 1,115 km. Beijing has 31 major transport infrastructure programs in 2019. The expressways under construction this year boast a total length of 163 km.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "An exhibition highlighting extraordinary footwear as it appears in folklore worldwide is on display in Beijing until Aug 26.  is an exhibition that looks at the extremes in shoes, presenting over 140 pairs ranging from medieval footwear from the 1370s to the most elaborate designs by contemporary makers.They came from places including Africa, Asia, Europe, the Middle East and North America. It opened July 26. Divided by five different themes- -the display examines the pleasure and pain shoes have brought to women, and reflects on the culture roles they embody in the history of human creativity. A special part of the exhibition is a showcase of 14 pairs of shoes from actress and singer Karen Mok's private collection, sharing exclusive personal stories of her life and career. The exhibition is co-organized by London's Victoria and Albert Museum and the Swire Properties. Beijing is the fourth stop on its Asian tour.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "BEIJING - Hours after the US administration fired the first shot on Friday, China announced additional tariffs on US goods that are of the same scale and intensity and due to take effect on the same date. China's countermeasure is responsive, passive and reciprocal. The US announcement of imposing additional tariffs on $50 billion worth of Chinese goods follows months of shuttle diplomacy between Washington and Beijing. China has shown utmost sincerity in rounds of negotiations with plans to meaningfully increase purchases of US goods and services, to meet demands of Chinese people for higher living standards and help the United States to boost employment. The US side also admitted meaningful progress and important consensus were made in the past rounds of talks, as the two sides vowed not to launch a trade war. But consensus has soon proved to be short-lived after the US side demonstrated flip-flops with an obvious intention to escalate the trade spat. China does not want the trade war, but facing a capricious Washington, China has no choice but to fight back vigorously in defense of its national interests, the trend of globalization and the world's multilateral trading system. In fact, China has prepared for volatile Washington. In the wake of the latest round of talks in Beijing earlier this month, China issued a statement, stressing that the outcome of the talks should be based on the prerequisite that the two parties meet each other halfway and will not engage in a trade war. All economic and trade outcomes of the talks will not take effect if the US side imposes any trade sanctions including raising tariffs. Washington obviously has turned a deft ear to this serious message of China. When it comes to defending national interests, China means business. China said it will impose an additional 25-percent tariffs starting July 6 on 545 products from the US including soybeans, electric cars, orange juice, whiskey, salmon and cigars. China noticed that the US side had threatened to impose additional tariffs should China take retaliatory measures. This logic of a typical bully won't make China flinch. China is ready to take corresponding measures. In this day and age, launching a trade war is outdated and backward which begets popular antipathy. Earlier this year, the Trump administration had unilaterally imposed tariffs on steel and aluminum imports, sparking strong opposition even from its major trading partners. With its closest allies rejecting the protectionism, can the United States really afford to go it alone? Reciprocal tariffs are always the last resort. But if Washington is unable to stop its capriciousness which costs the interests of people of both countries, reciprocal tariffs are the leverage China has no choice but to use.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "  Zhang Wenxiu loved reading Zhu Xian, or Jade Dynasty, the smash-hit supernatural novel which created a stir online. The paralegal from Nanjing in Jiangsu province was then naturally excited when it was transformed into a mobile phone game, and he downloaded it as soon as it was released last year. \"This online game turns a static novel into a dynamic one, with three-dimensional plots and scenery,\" Zhang said. Perfect World Co Ltd developed the historical epic where players compete to be immortal by completing tasks such as gaining access to a fairy castle. \"I can feel a sense of immersion when I play the game, especially since I have read the whole novel before several times,\" Zhang said. The spinoff from online literature to games marks another step forward in intelligent property rights. This involves an array of industries such as films, games, animations and comics. \"Online literature has always been an important part of our entertainment strategy, which takes good IP products at its core,\" said Xiao Hong, chief executive officer of Perfect World. The gaming industry environment has been revolutionized by the emergence of online literature. For years, Perfect World used the IP rights to stories and transformed them into games or films. Now, its Zongheng.com site has become the biggest literary platform in China. \"We are trying to build a pan-entertainment ecosystem by bringing together worldwide cultural resources,\" said Xiao. \"We are catering to consumers' fast-growing needs for entertainment and communication.\" The integration of different cultural resources has injected fresh impetus into online games adapted from literature. This in turn has created a mini virtual world where players can communicate with each other. In terms of choosing online stories for the gaming community, Perfect World tends to go for popular works with strong storylines, such as supernatural sagas. The Beijing-based company reported in March that revenue in 2016 jumped more than 25.9 percent to 6.16 billion yuan ($932 million). About 4.7 billion yuan was from the gaming sector. Earlier this year, Perfect World co-developed Lie Huo Ru Ge, a kung fu fiction-based game, which was adapted from a novel and TV series. \"We will ink more cooperation agreements centered on IP for the gaming sector,\" Xiao said. \"We want to produce more new products combining games and comics.\"", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": " show was hosted at Beijing\u00a1\u00afs East Lake Community on April 21. As one of the China Youth Volunteer Academy activities for child safety and health, the charity show emphasized child safety as its theme.The Declaration on the Rights of the Child of The United Nations says: \"Human beings should give children the best things that they have.\" This call reflects the conscience and the sense of responsibility the healthy growth of the next generation. For our children, safety is the most important and valuable demand.,Through this event, the Grow with Charity group addressed the knowledge of protecting children's health by staging a play based on the well-known classic story  and guided children to establish good self-protection skills, hygiene and environmental protection as well as to understand the concept of being safe and healthy. The event helped the children build basic safety knowledge by sharing common-sense messages, such as not opening the door for strangers or accepting food from strangers.,During the event, Wang Jianyi, a student from Tuanjiehu Second Primary School in Chaoyang District, Beijing, took the stage as a representative for young volunteers, and shared his public experience with the safety and health of children in Shanxi. \"Nineteen volunteers and I delivered charity packages to students in the primary school at Gou Hong Kou center. When they took the charity packages from us, I saw their hands were so dark and dirty. It made me think how unhealthy it is if all this goes into their bodies along with food. Also, I had thought of my grandparents, my parents and my beloved teachers who always remind me that \u00a1\u00aedisease enters by the mouth\u00a1\u00af and \u00a1\u00aewash your hands before dinner\u00a1\u00af. This \u00a1\u00aenagging\u00a1\u00af from them is all full of love.\",The children in the audience listened carefully to what Wang Jianyi shared, and reflected the care and love through their eyes for left-behind children.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "BEIJING -- A new novel, depicting the battle against poverty in China's Tibetan areas, has recently been published in Beijing after the writer devoted 15 years to poverty alleviation on the plateau. Titled \"Snow Lotus,\" which is a rare herb grown at a high altitude and highly prized for its use in medicine, the novel tells the story of the protagonist taking part in poverty relief by running schools in Tibet. The novel was inspired by the real-life experience of the writer Jiang Juechi, who has supported education by building schools and providing basic care and classes to orphans, dropouts and impoverished children on the plateau. Experts said the novel not only offers a panorama of the country's poverty alleviation on the plateau but also details the improved living standards of people in Tibet, as well as the local customs and practices. The book is published by the People's Literature Publishing House.", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "From Chianti wine and Parma ham to Emilia-Romagna cheese, Chinese consumers are in for a treat of authentic Italian flavor during the China International Import Expo as Italy heralds free trade for a more prosperous future. During the expo, more than 80 Italian enterprises, led by the Italian Trade Agency, are showcasing their products in healthcare, consumer goods, technology and, of course, mouthwatering food - the \"essence of excellence of Italy\", as Giuseppe Mazzarella, acting president of the agency, put it. \"Italy is eager to strengthen its cooperation with China. We firmly believe this important occasion will serve as an ideal opportunity to celebrate the 40th year of China's economic opening-up and will take our bilateral trade relationship to a new level,\" Mazzarella said, adding that Italian fashion, food, coffee and wine are already popular in China, while furnishings and interior designs are also well-received. To make Italy's essence of excellence more accessible, the trade agency signed a letter of intent with Suning Group and Alibaba-owned Hema, a fresh food supermarket. This will unfold \"a prosperous future, with two top multichannel innovative companies in China\", he said. \"The ITA will become the partner that helps Suning Group expand business in Italy and build a bridge between Suning and small and medium-sized Italian enterprises in China. It will also focus on helping a large number of food and agricultural products from Italy to expand on the Chinese market by working with Hema.\" He said he expected the expo to bring more business opportunities and greatly increase exports from Italy. \"China is Italy's largest trading partner in Asia, according to Eurostat. In the first half of this year, the bilateral trade of goods between Italy and China amounted to $25.63 billion, increasing by 12.3 percent year-on-year, with Italy exporting $7.83 billion to China, up 10.7 percent year-on-year,\" he said. Italian wine is one of the categories that has seen increasing popularity in China. Zhao Ping, director of the international trade research department of the Academy of China Council for the Promotion of International Trade, said that Italian wine costs less for the same quality, compared with red wine from traditional producers in France, and comes branded with culture and fashion. Amedeo Scarpa, director of the trade agency in Beijing, said that in addition to the goods trade, it also promotes trade in other sectors. \"When you talk about the Italian wine Chianti, immediately you think about that specific territory in Tuscany; and when you think of Italy as a tourist destination, you also think about buying clothes in Milan,\" he said. \"We call it integration promotion of products, tourism and culture.\" Apart from renowned Italian food, Mazzarella said the expo was more than a window to showcase Italy's four \"F\"s - food, fashion, furniture and Ferrari - but also a wider range of offerings from healthcare to innovative technology. \"We noticed a series of measures that have been taken by the Chinese government, such as reducing the negative lists of foreign investment access and the reduction of tariffs,\" he said. \"It embodies the responsible spirit of China as a big country. In the near future, we hope that more and more Italian quality products will be available for increasingly sophisticated and demanding Chinese consumers.\"", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "China's Northwestern University signed an agreement with the Palace Museum in Beijing on Oct 13 to jointly work on protecting and promoting cultural relics and traditional culture. Chang Jiang, the university's vice-president, and some 700 representatives of the museum, the university and the Shaanxi provincial government, among others, attended the signing ceremony. The university's Party secretary Wang Yajie said at the event that the educational institution in the country's northwestern province will use its knowledge of archaeology and take advantage of the Palace Museum\u00a1\u00afs cultural resources to make the cooperation a success.", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "  As the wanderlust of China's vast middle class takes wing and targets choicest international destinations, tourist hot spots such as Hawaii are seeing multitudes of Chinese travelers. Small wonder, Hawaiian Airlines, which already operates direct flights between Beijing and Honolulu three times a week, plans to launch more direct flights to connect Shanghai and smaller Chinese cities with Hawaii. Leading the expansion strategy is Liwei Kimura, Hawaiian Airlines' regional director and chief representative for Greater China. Since taking charge in June 2015, Kimura has been flying frequently between Beijing and Honolulu. She is bullish on the growth potential of Hawaiian tourism on the back of rising Chinese interest in the Pacific islands. \"We are a premier leisure carrier as our destination is a place for relaxation and fun. Vacations for such purposes have become an essential part of high-quality Chinese lifestyle. I'm confident there's a big market for us in China,\" Kimura said. Grown up in Beijing, Kimura brings insider knowledge of local tastes and preferences to the airline's strategy. For instance, in May, the airline renovated the cabin of the plane used for the Beijing-Honolulu flight, to highlight certain elements in design and layout. When Chinese fliers stepped into the cabin, they apparently felt as if they were in Hawaii already, more so because the flight attendants wear traditional Hawaiian flowers. The business class was equipped with seats that allow customers to lie down fully. This was done to meet the expectations of affluent Chinese travelers who are willing to pay more for comfort and quality service during long flights. \"Our seats look fashionable and use ergonomic design. Besides, we don't use the traditional on-air entertainment system for business class anymore. Instead, we hand in every customer an iPad. \"We offer all this at flight ticket prices that are the same or comparable to our competitors', and we aim to provide more exquisite services at the same price points,\" she said. Kimura's emphasis on style in the airline's customized approach to the China market is also evident in her sartorial elegance. For this interview in Beijing, she is dressed in a purple  a classic Chinese dress. That color is significant. \"Purple represents honor in Hawaii. If something is purple, it means it's honorable. The symbolic meaning is the same as in China. Hawaiian Airlines even innovated its logo with heavier use of purple.\" The China-Hawaii style fusion extends to her  's floral patterns, which are based on traditional Hawaiian flowers. That's not all.   Kimura's earrings are purple-hued, and a purple flower on the left side of the parting of her hair completes the chic look. \"I've a lot of flowers in different colors to match my clothes, and I'd wear them when I'm in the mood. It doesn't have to be any formal occasion. \"When a flower is on the left side, it means the woman is married. If it's on the right side, it means she is still available.\" That feminine wisdom helps her to tap into her natural talent and self-confidence, and shapes her management style, which, she said, can be described in one word\u00a3\u00adempowerment. That is, empowerment of her team, her employer, the airline's customers, staff and stakeholders. The key to that is honest, open and timely communications, she said. \"I'm trying to bring what I've learned in my life journey to my team.\" She believes that though people complain about even little problems, \"every negative thing can be turned\" into a positive outcome or a positive start for something new eventually. Her 20-plus years of experience in the travel and hospitality industry are peppered with instances of negatives being converted into positives, she said. Kimura began her career at Great Wall Sheraton in Beijing, the first Western hotel that opened in modern China. In 1999, she left China and went to Hawaii to pursue an MBA from the University of Hawaii, where she majored in international management with focus on China. After graduation, she worked at Starwood Hotels & Resorts in Hawaii before joining Hawaiian Airlines. Her family is based in Hawaii, where they own a house, and Kimura relies on constant communications for work-life balance. \"We're really an international family. I try to communicate with my family members through social media. The physical distance makes every moment we spend together a treasure for us. When we are together, it's quality time, and I find that very gratifying.\" Equally gratifying for her is the airline's record. For the past 13 years, Hawaiian Airlines has been rated as the most punctual US airline, according to the US Department of Transportation. Last year, it was named the most punctual airline globally by the UK-based air travel intelligence company OAG. The OAG Punctuality League, covering about 200 airlines, revealed that 89.9 percent of Hawaiian's flights arrived on time in 2016. Kimura said every department and staff member of Hawaiian Airlines values the importance of safety and punctuality. They have become important parts of the corporate culture, something that Chinese travelers have come to expect from the airline, she said.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "China's first guideline on road tests of autonomous motor vehicles was released on Monday by local authorities in Beijing, signaling the country's determination to accelerate the development of the technology. The guideline, compiled by the city's transport commission, public security bureau and economy and information technology commission, applies to independent entities registered in China. They can apply to test at most five vehicles at a time, but before conducting road tests they must first complete tests in designated closed zones, according to the guideline. It also requires that a human driver sit in the driver's seat to be able to immediately take over the car in case of emergencies and other special situations. The authorities said they will soon release the list of road sections eligible for such tests. John Zeng, managing director of the consulting firm LMC Automotive Shanghai, said the guideline is very helpful to companies in the sector, many of which are testing autonomous driving in the United States. \"It's a practical move that will greatly promote the sector. It will be even more helpful if there is a national-level guideline,\" said Zeng. The guideline came four days after the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology unveiled a three-year plan to boost the application of artificial intelligence in automotive and other sectors. Under the plan, by 2020 the nation will build a reliable and safe platform for smart and internet-connected vehicles that can support highly autonomous driving technologies. China expects 80 percent of new vehicles sold in 2025 to feature some autonomous driving functions, according to an automotive development plan released in April. Many Chinese companies, including Baidu Inc, are already working hard on the research and development of autonomous driving technology. Baidu also plans to introduce vehicles that will allow drivers to take their eyes off the road in 2019 in cooperation with Anhui Jianghuai Automobile Co and Beijing Automotive Group Co. PwC's consultancy subsidiary Strategy& estimated that by 2030, China will have at least 33 million highly or fully autonomous driving vehicles, more than those in the US or the EU.", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "Newly built Fuxing bullet trains going 160 kilometers per hour have no excessive formaldehyde problem and will be scheduled to be put in service in batches, according to a statement from China Railway Beijing Group Co Ltd. The Beijing company released a statement on its official account on Sina Weibo, China's Twitter-like service, Monday evening to refute a mistaken report from China Business Journal from earlier that day. According to the report, some sources close to the Beijing company said at least two branches of China Railway Corp, China's railroad operator, have received newly built Fuxing trains of 160 kilometers per hour with excessive formaldehyde problems and stopped running them. The Beijing company said in the statement there was no such situation, and the reason that have not been used so far is due to long-term debugging and waiting for the \"new car smell\" release period to pass. It said the trains will be arranged to be put into operation in batches. Railway authorities pay high attention to passengers' health and environmental issues, trains deemed unfit for operation will not run, and they will request manufacturers to renovate and ensure quality, the report said.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Beijing slammed irresponsible remarks on Monday that Washington made over a United Nations senior official's visit to the Xinjiang Uygur autonomous region, saying the United States is not in a position to criticize normal cooperation between China and the organization. On Friday, US Deputy Secretary of State John Sullivan spoke with UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres \"to convey deep concerns\" about the trip made to Xinjiang by Vladimir Voronkov, under-secretary-general of UN Counter-Terrorism Office. Sullivan said it was \"highly inappropriate\", Reuters reported. \"Washington's groundless accusations on China and the UN are futile,\" Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang said at a daily news briefing. Voronkov visited Beijing and Xinjiang from Thursday to Saturday and met with senior diplomats including Vice-Foreign Minister Le Yucheng and Assistant Foreign Minister Zhang Jun, the ministry said. His visit was a success and enhanced counterterrorism cooperation between China and the UN, Lu said, adding that the UN also commended the visit. The US does not want to hear any fair and objective voices from the international community on the situation in Xinjiang, which is nothing new, the spokesman said. China has repeatedly stated its solemn stance on Xinjiang-related affairs, and the US is slandering Beijing's policies and legitimate measures on Xinjiang and interfering in the country's domestic affairs, Lu said. \"Washington demands Beijing explain its deradicalization measures in Xinjiang, but when China opens its door and invites UN officials to visit the region, the US criticizes the visit as highly inappropriate. Such practices are extremely hypocritical and make no sense,\" he added. Chinese, Philippine fishing boats collide Beijing said on Monday it will continue to thoroughly and carefully investigate the collision of Chinese and Philippine boats in the South China Sea, and handle the incident properly with Manila based on facts and in a cooperative and friendly manner. A Chinese fishing boat and a Philippine fishing boat accidentally collided on June 10 near Liyue Tan, a shallow-water region in the South China Sea, Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang said. Conveying consolation to the Philippine fishermen who experienced the collision, Lu emphasized the collision was an accident, and said China and the Philippines have communicated several times about the incident. \"It is not appropriate to link the incident to the friendly feelings between the two countries' people or the ties between the two countries or to even politicize the incident,\" Lu said. China hopes to strengthen communication with the Philippines to exchange what they have found in their own investigations and find out exactly what happened, he said. Fishermen from the two countries have been getting along well in the South China Sea and have been looking out for each other, the spokesman said, adding that China attaches great importance to maritime security and will continue to strengthen cooperation with countries in the region.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "China has been inspecting cram schools nationwide to ensure those that do not meet government standards make the necessary changes by year-end, the Ministry of Education said on Thursday. As of Wednesday, more than 400,000 cram schools had been checked, Lyu Yugang, director of the ministry's Basic Education Department, said at a news conference in Beijing. Inspectors have found 273,000 crams schools that fail to the make the grade, and 248,000 have had their programs changed to come into line with government standards, Lyu said. Beijing's education, civil affairs, human resources and social security, and market regulation authorities have inspected more than 12,600 cram schools, and 93 percent of those found with problems have made necessary changes, said Feng Hongrong, deputy inspector of the Beijing Education Commission. Once all the changes are made, the capital will carry out a second round of inspections in January to ensure schools stick with them, he said. In February, the Ministry of Education and three other ministries issued guidelines to regulate providers of after-school classes. \"Teachers who lure or coerce students into attending after-school training classes will be dealt with seriously, or even stripped of their teaching credentials,\" the guidelines said. They also said that institutions should not teach anything outside the syllabus, and they should submit course plans, enrollment targets and class hours to local authorities for approval. After-school classes are not allowed to organize graded examinations or conduct competitions for primary and secondary school students. In addition, the training results from these institutions cannot be used as criteria for future enrollment in primary or secondary schools, the guidelines added. The State Council's General Office issued a guideline to regulate cram schools in August aimed at easing the heavy workload on primary and secondary school students. It highlighted behavior such as teaching students more advanced materials than appropriate for their grade in core subjects, such as Mandarin and mathematics. Institutions should also not teach ahead of students\u00a1\u00af school schedules, or assign homework and give graded tests for work beyond their grade level. Certificates and licenses for cram schools will be reviewed annually, and local governments will publish online lists of qualified institutions and of those that failed to meet the standards, the State Council\u00a1\u00afs guideline added.", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "BEIJING -- President Xi Jinping on Sunday sent a congratulatory message on the holding of the 32nd African Union (AU) summit in the Ethiopian capital of Addis Ababa. Calling the AU a banner of unity and strength, Xi said that since last year, under the leadership of AU, African integration process has made significant progress, African countries have continued to speak in one voice on major international and regional issues and Africa's global influence has increasingly grown. \"I warmly congratulate the AU on the progress and sincerely wish that it will continue to unite and lead African countries towards new and greater achievements,\" Xi said. Xi stressed that in September last year, the Beijing Summit of the Forum on China-Africa Cooperation (FOCAC) was a huge success, during which he joined hands with leaders of the African countries and the AU to draw a blueprint for the development of China-Africa relations. China is willing to work with Africa to implement the FOCAC Beijing Summit outcomes, promoting the alignment of the joint construction of the Belt and Road with the implementation of the AU Agenda 2063, the UN 2030 Sustainable Development Agenda as well as other development strategies of African countries, Xi said. By doing so, the two sides will build a closer China-Africa community to contribute more to the building of a community with a shared future for mankind, Xi added.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "American novelist John Shors, 49, has seven novels under his belt, and all of them are set in Asia. His latest novel   is a love story that takes place on the Great Wall. Unbound is based on an ancient Chinese folk tale about Lady Meng Jiang. Shors fleshed out the original story with fictional side characters and subplots. While the folk tale ends with the tragic deaths of Meng and her husband Fan Xiliang, Shors concluded his version on an upbeat note. Christine Branstad, the wife of the US ambassador to China, Terry Branstad, has read   and recommended it to friends and family, both in China and in the United States. Commenting on the book, she says in an email: \"My husband and I have both read it and loved the beauty of the story and that portion of the history of the Great Wall. It is a true gift to be able to share that story with the world.\" Speaking about his work at an event at Beijing's Bookworm store on March 14, Shors said: \"In the West, there are so many novels written, especially within historical fiction, from a sort of European standpoint. And I think there's an amazing part of the world, Asia, that's really underrepresented in Western literature.\" The tall, slim and soft-spoken author backpacked across 10 Asian countries when he was 24. And, in 1999, when he was backpacking again in Asia with his wife Allison, Shors discovered the love story behind India's Taj Mahal that inspired his first novel, Beneath a Marble Sky. Since then he has written stories set in Vietnam, Thailand, Cambodia and Japan. Shors has always had a keen interest in the ancient Wonders of the World. He has written about the Taj Mahal, Cambodia's Ankgor Wat and now China's Great Wall, by which he has been captivated for almost 10 years. \"I wanted to see the Great Wall, I wanted to walk it, I wanted to understand it, and of course, I wanted to write a book about it,\" says Shors. To create an accurate portrayal of Chinese culture for the book, Shors spent four months researching before putting pen to paper in 2014, including a two-week trip to Beijing in 2013. Then, he walked along the Great Wall for almost a week and felt the texture of the bricks, in an effort to imagine spending time on it from the perspectives of his characters in the book. \"My time on the Great Wall allowed me to see its beauty,\" says Shors. \"This is a graceful, elaborate structure that is far more than a never-ending pile of stacked stones.\" Shors admits to his limitations of having to rely on English translations of Chinese historical accounts. \"But I try to get as original source material as possible,\" says Shors.,At home in Boulder, Colorado, Shors kept an English translation of Stories to Enlighten the World, a collection of short stories compiled and edited by Feng Menglong during the Ming Dynasty. During the two-year writing process, he consulted about six experts on Chinese culture and history, including a few from the University of Colorado and one from China. Referring to Shors' efforts to get the details right, Jeremiah Jenne, a Chinese history teacher at IES Abroad in Beijing, says: \"The research John did on material culture is really strong, like some of the descriptions of the clothing, weapons and food.\" The book is titled Unbound because its heroine, Meng, has unbound feet and what Shors calls an \"unbound spirit\". Women's empowerment is an important subject in the story. As Shors sees it, Chinese women in the Ming Dynasty pushed boundaries in very subtle ways, for instance, in writing good poetry and getting out of home to travel. So, Shors wanted his heroine Meng to reflect the powerful roles women played in China's history. \"I think there's a concept in the West that historically women in Asia were powerless. I just don't think that's accurate,\" says Shors. \"I wanted to show women as they truly were, perhaps repressed but yet powerful in their own way.\" Women of modern China perpetuate Shors' notion. For his side business, Shors organizes annual trips for small groups of readers to the Asian settings of his books. In a 2016 tour to China, five of the six tour guides in Shors' group of 10, were female. \"They were super strong. If I had a problem, I would just say, please fix this problem, and they would fix it,\" says Shors, smacking the back of his hand on his other palm. Meanwhile, Shors is looking for opportunities for Unbound to be published in China. And he doesn't expect there to be more criticism coming from Chinese readers than from other parts of the world. \"I think they'll understand that as an American, I've done my best,\" says Shors. \"The vast majority of the book is historically and culturally accurate.\" Speaking about the book, Huang Jiakun, Shors' agent in China, says: \"He has probably set an example for Chinese writers on how to tell China stories.\" Huang, who also worked with Shors when the Chinese version of his fourth book The Wishing Trees was published in China in 2011, says she considers Unbound a \"faithful, interesting and innovative approach\" to Chinese traditional folk tales that will appeal to readers beyond China. ", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "BEIJING - China's anti-dumping measures on US sorghum will not have a great impact on China, the Chinese Ministry of Commerce (MOC) said Thursday. The MOC announced Tuesday that it will impose provisional anti-dumping measures on grain sorghum imported from the United States. A preliminary ruling by the MOC found that US companies had dumped grain sorghum on the Chinese market, and such imports had caused substantial damage to the domestic industry. Starting on Wednesday, importers of the product are required to pay deposits with Chinese customs based on a rate of 178.6 percent calculation, according to the ministry. The higher tariff on US sorghum will generally not impact domestic consumption, Gao Feng, the MOC spokesman said, citing that China is a major grain producer with steady output in recent years. China is prepared for the possible impact of these measures, Gao added. China's total grain imports from the United States, including wheat and corn, account for less than 2 percent of domestic consumption, according to the MOC data.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "The International Center for Theoretical Physics \u00a8C Asia Pacific has opened in Beijing, giving a fillip to scientific research and collaboration in the Asia-Pacific region. \u00a1\u00b0Setting up this institute is a worthy idea,\u00a1\u00b1 said Professor Chen-Ning Yang, a joint winner of the Nobel Prize in physics in 1957 and a member of the Chinese Academy of Sciences, at the inauguration ceremony on May 13 for the International Center for Theoretical Physics \u00a8C Asia Pacific. The center, a nonprofit organization located on the campus of the University of the Chinese Academy of Sciences in Beijing, aims to promote scientific research in the region and is recruiting researchers from home and abroad. The International Center for Theoretical Physics, a research institute that runs under the auspices of UNESCO, was founded in Trieste, Italy, in 1964, after a proposal by Abdus Salam, a Pakistani theoretical physicist who was a joint winner of the Nobel Prize in physics in 1979. Established six months ago, the new regional organization operates jointly with the University of the Chinese Academy of Sciences. It was set up with the support of UNESCO in conjunction with the academy, the National Science Foundation China and the Abdus Salam International Center for Theoretical Physics in Trieste. Professor Quevedo Fernando of the University of Cambridge, director of the International Center for Theoretical Physics, said the center\u00a1\u00afs mission is to promote the development of science and benefit more people. The new regional offshoot will contribute to fulfilling this mission, he said. Professor Xie Xincheng, a member of the Chinese Academy of Sciences and deputy head of the National Science Foundation China, said the International Center for Theoretical Physics \u00a8C Asia Pacific will function as a platform for young scientists to learn from each other, broaden their networks, enhance their research ability and disseminate the results of their research. Those in attendance at the opening ceremony included scholars and professors of physics from Hong Kong and Beijing, students from the University of the Chinese Academy of Sciences, and staff of the International Center for Theoretical Physics \u00a8C Asia Pacific. ", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "An intangible cultural heritage show was staged at the headquarters of Jingdong (JD) Group in Beijing, aiming to provide productive protection and inheritance for the intangible cultural heritage through the form of internet plus exhibition. Organized by large online retailer Jingdong Group and cultural company Yongxin Huayun, the ICH show features traditional Chinese style, and has set up special areas for art masters to present their skills on spot. The Taishan shadow play, Beijing dough figurine, kite, wood block painting and tie-dying are showcased during the exhibition, and visitors can also participate in interactive activities. Folk artist Luo Huanwen demonstrated the making process of kite during the show, and he said that \"I want to try my utmost to promote the kite culture and folk art.\" According to him, the handmade kites are different from common kites sold on the market, which bear patterns and colors containing rich traditional Chinese culture meaning.,According to the organizer, the show hopes to provide a platform for inheritors to show their ICH works, and also a channel for customers to know and buy ICH products. Most exhibits on display can be bought online at special ICH e-commerce section, to help expand market for ICH merchants. The Yongxin Huayun, Jingdong Group, along with UNESCO Database for International Intangible Culture Heritage, will jointly promote the Chinese culture in a more effective way on the platform of internet plus, and improve related ICH products, to better fuse ICH into modern people's lives.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Many people quit their jobs to plunge into business and make money after China's reform and opening-up policy was launched in 1978. The wave of small startups spread to Mudanjiang, in northeastern China's Heilongjiang province, which shares a border of about 200 kilometers with Russia, and many have prospered on cross-border trade. Yang Shixin, a 51-year-old from Suifenhe, a city that forms part of Mudanjiang, owes her fortune to the policy. Suifenhe, just 190 km from Vladivostok, the largest harbor city in the Russian Far East, has become the bridgehead for Sino-Russian trade. Civil trade markets, where individuals from the two countries could barter goods, opened there in the 1980s, and Russians flooded in to exchange goods with Chinese in the 1990s, when the markets were flourishing. \"In 1991, for the first time, I gave a box of underwear in exchange for a piece of woolen cloth at the Sino-Russia trade center,\" Yang said. \"Then I sold the woolen cloth for 100 yuan to Chinese buyers, while the underwear cost me just 5 yuan. I earned my first profit and it was unimaginable because my salary as a saleswoman at the then State-owned supply-marketing cooperative was 84 yuan a month.\" Yang visited the trade center nearly every day after that \"incredible\" experience. \"In the 1,000-square-meter outdoor barter trade center, Chinese stood behind counters that formed circles, from inside out, and Russians gathered inside the circles to exchange goods such as coats and Russian nesting dolls,\" she said. \"To enter the center and use a counter, we needed to buy tickets, usually priced 5 to 10 yuan, from the industrial and commercial administration.\" The tickets went on sale at 3 am and demand was so high that Yang had to wait in line from 11 pm to make sure she got one. She also needed to find time to trade after work. In 1993, despite opposition from her family, she quit her job, which they regarded as an \"iron rice bowl\" with guaranteed employment and good benefits, to start her own underwear business, which made her about 60,000 yuan a year. By 2006, her annual profit had increased to about 1 million yuan, and she was able to buy a 90-square-meter apartment in Beijing.,Zhao Guodong, deputy director of Mudanjiang's commerce bureau, said materials were scarce during the planned economy period and goods did not have prices. So when the market began to open up, traders could easily sell at a good price and make a fortune. \"China and Russia had complementary needs,\" he said. \"We sold light industrial products to them while they supplied us with natural resources. Today, barter trade doesn't exist; sizable companies prosper instead. Counterfeits have been effectively banned and the markets have become more regulated.\" Mudanjiang now has four major ports - an airport in the city, a highway and a railway port in Suifenhe and a highway port in Dongning. They have a combined cargo capacity of nearly 40 million metric tons a year and can transport 22 million people a year, according to the city government. There are now 558 companies in Mudanjiang trading with Russia, and the city's exports and imports totaled 19.25 billion yuan ($2.77 billion) last year, 16.97 billion yuan more than in 1993. Crude oil and timber accounted for more than 70 percent of imports from Russia, while shoes and machines made up nearly 80 percent of exports. However, international trade can be easily affected by changing policies and global conditions, something Chen Xiangzhou, the chairman of Suifenhe Friendship Wood Industry Co, who has traded with Russia for 18 years, is deeply aware of.,Russia's annexation of Crimea in 2014 saw the European Union and the United States impose sanctions on Russian banks and firms, including its state-owned oil companies and arms manufacturers. Russia responded by banning food imports from EU countries and the US. While it was good news for grocers in China, it was not good news for Chen. \"The sanctions resulted in the collapse of the rouble and the country's financial crisis,\" he said. \"Russians reduced their consumption, and those who exported clothes and cars there all sustained losses. \"Now, we're concentrating on our original business - importing timber from Russia and selling it at home and abroad. It turns out it has become a pillar industry in our city.\" Chen said the city's timber imports had risen by an average of 1 million cubic meters a year over the past five years. \"This is the best time for the two countries,\" he said. \"Russia has resources and we have processing skills and facilities. Russians are all careful not to 'drain the pond to catch the fish', so they don't worry about the depletion of natural resources.\" Yu Hang, deputy manager of Huasheng Guoyun Logistics, said the harbor in Vladivostok is a gateway for Mudanjiang to explore more commercial opportunities. \"The overland distance from Mudanjiang to Russia's harbor is much shorter than to other harbor cities in China,\" he said. \"Since marine transportation is far cheaper than inland routes, we would cut the costs substantially if we shipped goods via Vladivostok harbor to Chinese cities. \"In that case, products from not only Mudanjiang but also nearby areas such as Harbin, in Heilongjiang, and Jilin province could be sold in a more convenient way. \"Moreover, we could ship goods to Japan, South Korea and Western countries via Russia's port. The transport pattern has been put into regular use since 2012. It is not yet large-scale, but it will be a trend.\"", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "BEIJING - Coal burning is no longer a major source of PM2.5 in Beijing, while car emissions have become the top cause, according to a study released by Beijing's environment watchdog Monday. The new findings come as Beijing is encouraging the use of natural gas instead of coal for winter heating and shutting down polluting smokestack factories. Emissions from vehicles, ships, and construction machinery are the top sources of PM2.5 (particulate matter of diameter less than 2.5 micrometres), contributing up to 45 percent of the total pollutants in Beijing, according to the study by Beijing Environmental Protection Bureau. Beijing has the highest level of car ownship in the country, with 5.64 million privately-owned cars at the end of 2017. The city has cut the number of license plates issued annually from 240,000 in 2013 to 100,000 in 2017. The study also showed that Beijing's surrounding regions contributed to more than 50 percent of the pollutants on heavily polluted days when the air quality index (AQI) exceeded 200 in the city. Air samples were gathered daily in 11 different locations around Beijing and more than 300,000 sets of data were analyzed, said Liu Baoxian, deputy director of Beijing Municipal Environmental Protection Monitoring Center, under Beijing Environmental Protection Bureau. The level of PM2.5 in Beijing has dropped to its lowest level since 2013 when the national air pollution control campaign began. Across the country, average PM2.5 density in 338 cities fell by 6.5 percent in 2017.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Parents and educators have welcomed government moves to make kindergartens safer, cheaper, more convenient and simply more available. But for now, things can be rough for some parents. Han Jun, who works in Beijing, for example, has put his 3-year-old son into a private kindergarten for two basic reasons\u00a3\u00adavailability and quality. \"It is very difficult to get your child enrolled in public kindergartens because there are not enough of them, and I also worry about my son learning little at public kindergartens since they are forbidden from teaching any primary school material\" such as math, Chinese and English, said Han, who is in his early 30s. Private kindergartens charge fees ranging from 5,000 yuan ($720) to 20,000 yuan a month in Beijing, while public ones cost just several hundred yuan a month, he said. The high cost has presented Han with a huge financial challenge as he and his wife together earn about 20,000 yuan a month. The private preschool their son attends costs 7,000 yuan a month. They first considered enrolling their son in a cheaper public kindergarten that charges about 500 yuan, but the only public school with a good reputation nearby is reserved for residents in an area where land prices are nearly twice as high as where Han lives. Children attending inexpensive public kindergartens (or low-priced private ones) will account for 80 percent of all preschoolers by 2020, according to a directive jointly issued recently by the Communist Party of China Central Committee and the State Council. By 2035, three-year preschool education will be available for all children between the ages of 3 and 6, and a national preschool network will be established, it said. Affordable preschools will be the priority of the campaign, the document said. Governments at all levels are encouraged to establish public kindergartens, in a bid to put about 50 percent of all preschool children into public education by 2020. Communities, State-owned enterprises and public institutions such as universities are also encouraged to establish their own kindergartens. Wang Yan, a public kindergarten teacher in Changsha, Hunan province, said the main reason for the shortage of public kindergartens is the difficulty of finding teachers. \"The pay is bad, despite the heavy social responsibility we carry,\" she said. Wang is busy caring for and teaching children during the day, while her evenings are devoted to preparing for the next day's games and events and addressing a never-ending stream of questions and requests from the children's parents. Despite all these responsibilities, her monthly pay is 3,500 yuan, less than the city average. Lyu Yugang, director of the Basic Education Department of the Ministry of Education, said the government will make sure that all kindergarten teachers, private or public, earn a decent salary. Their basic benefits, including insurance and housing funds, should also be paid in full and with no delays, he told a recent news conference. Although it is still premature to include three years of preschool education in the country's compulsory, free education program, the government will spare no effort to deepen reform and better regulate the sector to make sure more students enjoy an inclusive, affordable and high-quality preschool education, he added. Chu Zhaohui, a senior researcher at the National Institute of Education Sciences, said the guideline shows the government's determination to provide affordable education. Kindergarten teachers should have better salaries and a good working atmosphere so that more qualified individuals will apply for such jobs and college students majoring in preschool education will not opt for another profession, he said.", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "With the Winter Olympics high on China's sports agenda through 2022, a vice-president of the International Olympic Committee urged the country to use its momentum to boost winter sports participation.  As China revs up its preparations for competing at the 2018 PyeongChang Winter Olympics and hosting the Beijing edition of the Games in 2022, Juan Antonio Samaranch, son of former IOC chief Juan Antonio Samaranch, encouraged the Chinese public to embrace the opportunity to watch, learn and play winter sports more.  \"You will have the best winter sports action in the world at your doorstep... so you have to take advantage of that,\" Samaranch said in Beijing on Saturday.  \"Winter is here, so go out and select which winter sports you like the most. Tomorrow is Sunday. No class. Go and have it! It's a lot of fun!\"  Samaranch made the remarks during the 2017 Beijing Winter Olympics Forum held at Renmin University of China, where IOC representatives, Beijing 2022 organizers and scholars discussed education and promotion of winter sports in China.  The 2018 Winter Olympics will be held in Pyeongchang, South Korea, from Feb 9 to 25. The next edition of the quadrennial event after that takes place in Beijing in February 2022. Beijing will become the first city in the world to host both the Summer (2008) and Winter Olympics.  With the Winter Olympics being staged in a neighboring country and then at home back-to-back, China has been pulling out all the stops to raise the profile of winter sports from niche to mainstream status.  With funding from the government and private sector, it plans to build 650 skating rinks and 800 ski resorts by 2022, laying the foundation for 300 million people to be involved in winter sports by 2022 and for businesses to generate aggregate revenues of 1 trillion yuan ($151 billion) by 2025 from spending at venues, and on equipment production and training fees. However, reality suggests that more should be done to fulfill the ambition.  According to a survey released at the forum on Saturday, only about 12 percent of the Chinese public regularly participates in winter sports, and only 8 percent routinely watch winter sports competitions.  The survey, conducted by the Humanistic Olympic Studies Center affiliated with Renmin University, was based on interviews with 12,000 respondents.  The survey also found that 58 percent of the public has never tried any form of winter sport due to the lack of facilities and knowledge.  \"Real interest from the public in winter sports needs to be further cultivated to maintain attention on them,\" said Li Shuwang, executive director of the research center.  According to the Beijing Municipal Education Commission, the city selected 52 schools in the fall semester for a pilot program to offer winter sports training at local rinks and resorts as part of a national plan to expand a similar program to 2,000 schools by 2022.  With public passion for winter sports fueled by upgrades to facilities and services, Guo Dandan, a retired freestyle skier, doesn't expect a repeat of the embarrassing moment that she experienced after winning the country's first world title in freestyle aerials in Australia in 1997.  \"After I won the championship, the award ceremony was postponed to borrow a Chinese national flag from the embassy, as the organizers didn't expect a Chinese skier would win,\" said Guo, who retired in 2001. \"Now with our country becoming a rising winter sports power, the future is much brighter.\" ", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Increasing cultural exchanges across the Taiwan Straits demonstrate the vitality of Chinese culture, Huang Zhixian, president of the All-China Federation of Taiwan Compatriots, said on Tuesday. The hearts of people on both sides of the Straits continued to beat together during the years when contact was banned because they are culturally connected, he said at the opening of the two-day Forum of Chinese Culture that kicked off on Tuesday at Peking University in Beijing. Since the 1980s, communication has resumed and cultural exchanges have increased, he said. He added, however, that the efforts of people agitating for Taiwan independence have intensified in the cultural field. But such political means cannot stand in the way of cross-Straits exchanges, he said at the forum, which was attended by about 300 scholars from both sides of the Straits. In August, the island authority passed a draft on history education that requires, starting next year, that the history curriculum for senior high school students will be divided into three regions - Taiwan, East Asia and the world - abandoning the three current categories: Taiwan, the Chinese mainland and the world. The new proposal suggests that mainland history is \"foreign\", while the history of the island is the history of \"the country\", said Chi Kuang-yu, professor of politics at National Taiwan Normal University of Taiwan. The China content has also been greatly reduced and will no longer be told chronologically by dynastic periods but rather in thematic units, according to the draft. That kind of change \"will poison the minds of the young generation on the island and is intended to make the young people forget their origins, the connection to the mainland\", he said. Zhu Songling, a professor specializing in Taiwan studies at Beijing Union University, said even if the island authority downgrades the Chinese mainland in history education, it cannot change the fact that both sides belong to the Chinese nation. He said the new approach might mislead young people, creating conflicts between what they learn in textbooks and what they see in practice as cross-Straits exchanges deepen.", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "  More than 300 people attended an event to celebrate Confucius' 2,568th birth anniversary in Beijing on Sept 28. The event took place at the Beijing Confucian Temple, where emperors from the Yuan, Ming and Qing dynasties used to go to remember Confucius. Some of the guests took part in traditional rites to remember Confucius. Born in 551 BC, Confucius, a well-known Chinese philosopher and the founder of Confucian culture, has his birthday marked for more than 2,000 years. Yang Yuedi, a student of the Confucius class from the Beijing 21st Century International School, took part in the ceremony for the first time. \"I learned about benevolence and righteousness, respect, and kindheartedness from Confucius' thoughts, and I'm trying to be a gentleman like Confucius,\" said Yang, the 5th grade student. Dong Ting, the deputy secretary-general of the China Next Generation Education Foundation Chinese Study Education Research and Development Foundation, has been a volunteer at the ceremony since 2010. \"I felt honored to take part in the ceremony in 2010, and I've decided to follow Chinese culture since then,\" Dong said. Now as the vice-president of the Eastern School, Dong brought students and their parents to the ceremony this year. \"I'd like to help develop and expand Chinese traditional culture.\" The ceremony was also the closing event of the 21-day sixth edition of the Beijing Confucian Temple Guozijian Chinese Studies Cultural Festival.  ", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "BEIJING - President Xi Jinping will deliver a keynote speech at the opening ceremony of the Conference on Dialogue of Asian Civilizations to be held on May 15 in Beijing, a senior official said Thursday. Xu Lin, deputy head of the Publicity Department of the Communist Party of China Central Committee and director of the State Council Information Office, made the announcement at a press conference. Under the theme of \"exchanges and mutual learning among Asian civilizations and a community with a shared future,\" the conference includes an opening ceremony and sub-forums, said Xu, also vice president of the event's executive committee. More than 2,000 government officials and representatives of various circles from 47 Asian countries and other countries outside the region will attend the opening ceremony and forums, said Xu. A grand Asian culture carnival, an Asian civilization week, and an Asian food festival will also be held during the event. The culture carnival is expected to gather around 30,000 people from home and abroad, according to the official. The Asian civilization week features parades, cultural performances, a culture and tourism exhibition, a film week, and a joint exhibition of Asian civilizations. The food festival will be held in four cities: Beijing, Hangzhou, Guangzhou, and Chengdu. So far, more than 2,800 Chinese and foreign journalists have signed up to cover the conference. And Beijing has recruited more than 3,700 volunteers for the event, figures from the organizer show. The conference is expected to reach rich and concrete results, such as a series of bilateral and multi-lateral initiatives and agreements, and the results of projects and research will also be announced during the conference, Xu said at the press conference.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "As the World Economic Forum's Annual Meeting of the New Champions 2018, or Summer Davos Forum, kicked off on Tuesday, more than 2,500 participants from over 100 countries have gathered in North China's Tianjin, making it the forum's largest meeting after the annual meeting in Switzerland's Davos-Klosters. Among the forum's varied sessions, the session \"China's Opening-Up: 40 Years On\" held on Tuesday received great attention. Five foreign participants shared their views with China Daily Website on the forum and the achievements in China since the introduction of the reform and opening-up policy 40 years ago. Fabian von Heimburg, co-founder and managing director of Hotnest Technology Ltd, a German-Chinese joint venture that provides artificial intelligence data service for China's media and advertising industry, said it is amazing to meet people from all different countries in China and the meetings are also a big sign of China's opening-up. \"More and more people are trying to cooperate with China. China is also trying to cooperate with a lot of other countries,\" he said. Heimburg, who came to China for the first time in 2004, said the development of the country is so fast that China is already leading the world in e-commerce, fintech and artificial intelligence and it is fascinating to see and be part of it. \"Basically 40 years ago there were very few cars, very few machines in China, but now China is competing with US and Europe in a lot of the most advanced areas in the world. So from having almost nothing to being one of the most developed countries on earth, I think that is a tremendous achievement,\" Heimburg said. He thinks Germany can benefit in many ways from China's massive and developed market. In his article published recently called \" \", he wrote that the impact of China's opening and development can be felt in every industry, especially the start-up and venture capital sectors. He said Europe should learn from the fast growth of China's start-up ecosystem by properly financing its start-up ecosystem, creating dominant players that support the local ecosystem and developing a clear industrial policy for the digital sector.,Laxmi Narasimna Vinyl Reddy Pothala, founder and CEO of Fresh Minds Service Private Limited, said attending the event in Tianjin is an amazing experience as he has been able to connect with a lot of companies and understand innovations and developments that are happening across the world. He said China's reform and opening-up policy can benefit Indian companies and Indian companies are working closely with China. \"There are a lot of things, especially technologies and new innovations, that we also want to learn from here and take them back,\" he said.,Justin Newton, founder and CEO of US company Netki Inc, said he finds the forum a great event to collaborate with innovators, business leaders, and government officials that are outside of the direct field that he works in everyday. Living in the US, Newton said in the past 40 years China has made a great contribution to the world, not only in terms of knowledge, expertise and skills but also the large market that it represents for companies like his and others to be able to actually work inside of China. Newton said the China-proposed Belt and Road Initiative can build tighter integration between countries in the region in terms of trade and exchange of ideas. And having a strong belief that open borders with respect to the ideas of both trade and the exchange of ideas is to the benefit of all the participants that are involved in trade, he said he tends to look for opportunities of greater engagement and greater partnership rather than trying to build walls and break down those kinds of cooperation and communication. \"I think one of the things the World Economic Forum stands for is finding ways for countries and for individuals in those countries to work together in common cause to make things better for all of us\", he said.,Ken Miller, co-founder and product director of UK company PanIntelligence, said for British companies it has become easier to do business and trade with China and a great example is that it only took him nine hours to fly directly from UK's Manchester to Beijing this time. Miller said the China-proposed Belt and Initiative is very exciting that it will open up trade routes and benefit all the countries involved in the initiative. \"I think the more open and the more we can work with each other, the greater the opportunities are for everybody. That goes for people, goes for countries and goes for everything,\" he said. \"Free trade is something that we should really try and treasure and hold on to. You should be looking at countries like America to lead with a very poor example and started to close trade down,\" he added.,John Plummer, senior portfolio editor at Springer Nature, said the pace of technological development in China is great and he thinks the Chinese government has done very well in tackling the challenge of balancing technological development with raising the living standard for the average person in the past forty years. He said Springer Nature, as a science publishing company having a presence in China, has been benefited a lot from China's opening-up. \"The opening up of China has allowed us to really report to the world the great research that has been done in China. The pace of developments of scientific output from China is really phenomenal in terms of both the amounts of research, but more importantly, especially for a company like us, the quality of research,\" Plummer said.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "BEIJING -- President Xi Jinping on Wednesday met with Nigerian President Muhammadu Buhari who had attended the 2018 Beijing Summit of the Forum on China-Africa Cooperation (FOCAC). Thanks to the joint efforts by China and Africa, the summit concluded successfully, further enriching the China-Africa comprehensive strategic and cooperative partnership. It was a meeting with historic significance to China-Africa solidarity and cooperation, Xi said. Noting that Nigeria is a major African country and an essential partner to China in Africa, Xi said he attaches great importance to the development of China-Nigeria relations, which have reached a stage of growth unmatched in history. China appreciates the Nigerian government's commitment to the one-China policy and is ready to continue its mutual understanding and support with the Nigerian side on issues involving each other's core interests and major concerns, Xi said. Nigeria is welcome to participate in the Belt and Road construction. China is willing to deepen cooperation with Nigeria in fields such as infrastructure, agriculture and production capacity, enhance people-to-people and cultural exchanges, and support Nigeria's economic and social development so that the bilateral cooperation can become a model for China-Africa cooperation, Xi said. Buhari congratulated China on the success of the FOCAC Beijing summit.,The FOCAC has become an important platform for creating a brighter future for 2.6 billion African and Chinese. Nigeria will work with other FOCAC members to implement the outcomes of the summit, he said. Buhari expressed gratitude to China for its concrete assistance to Nigeria's economic and social development. With China's help, Nigeria obtained a light rail, the first of its kind in West Africa, which fully reflected China's technology, quality and speed, he said. The Nigerian side appreciates the Belt and Road Initiative, which will lay an important foundation for Africa and China to achieve win-win cooperation and common development. Nigeria is willing to participate in the Belt and Road cooperation, he said. After the meeting, the two presidents witnessed the signing of cooperation documents.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Beijing Lanxum Technology Co Ltd, part of the first batch of educational technology companies listed on the growth enterprise market, just signed a deal with Beijing Normal University to deepen their cooperation in Chinese literature and culture research and teaching. This is the company's latest effort to improve their products, after its acquisition of Chinese Future in February for 481 million yuan ($72.7 million). The deal was regarded as a win-win, as both companies have rich experience teaching Chinese traditional culture and literature courses. Education was one of the most active sectors for investors last year. Industry statistics show education-related spending accounted for 3 to 19 percent of family income. The market scale of the education industry is around 2.24 trillion yuan, among which the preschool education sector takes 380 billion yuan and primary and middle school account for 680 billion yuan. As projected, the annual net profit of Chinese Future as a subsidiary of Lanxum will not be less than 60 million yuan, 78 million yuan, 101 million yuan and 132 million yuan respectively in the following four years.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "   Never in her wildest dreams did Liu Zhai imagine that participating in soccer training would change her life and take her so far from home.   Born into a poor family - both her parents have congenital hearing impairments - the student at Jinzhai Siyuan Experimental School lived a gloomy life until early last year, when the Real Madrid Foundation brought its charitable soccer program to Jinzhai, a rural county in western Anhui province.   The formerly shy girl who barely spoke or participated in afterschool activities has become one of the most active players in her class after taking part in games once a week during last year's spring semester. She had never seen the game before then.   Her genuine interest, highlighted by her smiling face and her ponytail swinging wildly during the game, is a stark contrast to her previous incarnation as a quiet student who always looked heavy-hearted.   \"I didn't expect to love soccer because I had no idea about it at all,\" said the 12-year-old student, who once only had real conversations at home with her younger sister.   \"We don't have a TV set at home, so I had never watched it or heard about it before. I was chosen by my teacher to take part in the training because my academic grades are good. Soon, I found that I love this sport because I feel so free and I forget about any troubles while I'm on the pitch.\"   Through participating in the program, Liu has also realized a long-cherished dream - to visit Tian'anmen Square in Beijing.   In October, Liu was one of eight students selected from her school to travel to the capital and take part in a soccer training clinic. It was the first time she had set foot outside her mountainous county.   During the weeklong visit, Liu practiced with foreign children from international schools in Beijing under the guidance of Spanish trainers, visited landmarks, including the Great Wall, and built a friendship with a volunteer teacher from Beijing Sport University.   \"It's the most beautiful memory of my life so far,\" she said.   Liu shared her stories of the visit with her parents by showing them photos she took of Tian'anmen Square, the Great Wall, the soccer pitch and even her hotel room, delighting the hardworking couple.   \"My father was so excited that he shared the pictures with a lot of relatives and neighbors right away. I felt even happier that I'd pleased him in this way,\" she said.   According to Miao Dingguo, a geography teacher at the Siyuan school who also teaches soccer part-time after receiving training via the Real Madrid program, there are too many cases similar to Liu's - children who have embraced a positive life via soccer - to name.   \"A lot of the children have become more self-confident, more open-minded and more active in socializing. Those positive changes have been reflected in the classroom as well. The educational value of the game has been recognized,\" Miao said.    (China Daily 06/15/2017 page6)", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Online discussions about sexual misconduct have increased in China, with allegations surfacing against some prominent men from media, academic, charity, religious and corporate circles during the past few weeks. At least one case is now part of a broader Chinese police investigation. The government has included a provision on sexual harassment in the workplace in a civil code draft that was presented to the National People's Congress Standing Committee last week, according to Xinhua News Agency. The draft guideline asks employers to take steps to prevent harassment and heed complaints. China Daily's recent interviews with 12 people\u00a3\u00aduniversity students, a teacher, a social worker and a lawyer, who live in Beijing, elsewhere on the Chinese mainland, and the United States\u00a3\u00adindicate a rising awareness in China of sexual harassment, abuse and assault, aided by an engaged social media. All six female students interviewed said they had faced some form of sexual harassment. One alleged she had been assaulted by an older male relative. The social worker and lawyer called for stronger legal measures to combat sexual harassment. While rape cases are prosecuted under the Criminal Law, harassment is often viewed through the prism of administrative regulations, mainly related to labor disputes. The three male students interviewed said young men in China seem to have a better grasp of gender equality than men from earlier generations. All interviewees were unanimous that sexual misconduct is ultimately about power structures\u00a3\u00adwhether on university campuses or in the workplace. In July, the Beijing Qianqian Law Firm witnessed a rise in the number of women seeking advice on sexual harassment. Set up in 1995, it has handled an average of 10 sexual assault and harassment cases a year, with most related to rape. Lyu Xiaoquan, its executive director, said female university students and women from research institutions have visited the firm recently, saying they have faced harassment. He said the firm, which also provides a pro bono service, counsels victims on how to proceed with harassment cases step-by-step. But the task has not been easy, because unlike rape, which falls under the Criminal Law, and has prison sentences ranging from three to 10 years and sometimes beyond, depending on the severity of the crime, sexual harassment is not governed by a stand-alone law. Lyu pointed to the special administrative regulations for the protection of female workers and the Women's Rights Protection Act as two documents that refer to harassment. The special regulations, which took effect in 2012 and were formulated by the State Council, China's Cabinet, stipulate that organizations \"shall prevent sexual harassment of female workers\", and the women's act of 2005 states that women can report harassment to \"relevant institutions\". \"Apart from labor arbitration, 'loss of dignity' is the other ground for filing cases related to sexual harassment,\" Lyu said. \"We want a separate law for sexual harassment, but before that, we need to settle questions such as 'What is the definition of sexual harassment?' and 'What purpose would such a law serve?'\" he added. Li Dan, a women's rights campaigner and director of a nongovernmental organization in Beijing, favors more legal clarity on the subject of sexual harassment and publicity surrounding it. Citing the example of the Anti-Domestic Violence Law, which took effect in 2015, he said many survivors and some police stations still do not know about it. \"Even if the victims want help, few know what to do,\" Li said. Apart from students, female factory workers are very vulnerable to sexual harassment, according to earlier surveys by labor organizations in Guangdong province. After allegations of sexual misconduct were made in the past three months or so against relatively high-profile individuals\u00a3\u00adwho have denied any wrongdoing\u00a3\u00adonline discussions on the topic have escalated. Even so, such discussions are largely confined to the media, students and activists, Li said. According to Sina Weibo user \"Bu Lang Fen Zi\", sexual harassment ought to be included in a legal framework, and the opportunity provided by the discussions should be used to promote legislative enforcement, otherwise, the bravery of those who experience it will not bear fruit. Chang Jiang, an associate professor at Tsinghua University, created the #I'llBeYourVoice hashtag on Sina Weibo in late July, and was soon flooded by responses. Chang said more than 600 people, the vast majority of them women, had shared stories of sexual misconduct through private messages to him that week. He redacted the Sina Weibo \"handles\" of those whose messages he reposted on his public page. All such posts were either from victims or those who knew victims. His page was viewed some 1 million times alone on Aug 1. Sexual misconduct is a universal problem and no country can claim to be free of it, with variations only in degree. In the Chinese context, social media have been at the forefront of the battle. Chang said that among the messages he received on Sina Weibo in late July, the main groups were female college students or young graduates who had experienced sexual harassment, women who were born or grew up in rural areas and alleged that they had suffered sexual abuse or assault, and \"real-name whistleblowers\" who accused specific people of misconduct. \"It was heartbreaking, especially when I read the stories from the girls in the countryside,\" said Chang, 36, who teaches journalism and communication at the university in Beijing. \"This is something so dark that I never imagined (existed) before.\" In a culturally conservative society such as China's, such campaigns can help eliminate \"a sense of shame\" that victims of assault, abuse and harassment might feel, he added. The six female university students interviewed said the online discussions empower women as well as men to break the invisible code of silence. The majority wanted to remain anonymous when talking to China Daily about their ordeals, but most described the women who identified themselves on social media while sharing similar stories as \"brave\". One interviewee said it is easier for influential women to come forward than for other women. It took years for some Hollywood actresses to go public with accusations against film producer Harvey Weinstein. \"It is a kind of reform to promote gender equality and awareness,\" said a 22-year-old female student from Beijing Foreign Studies University, of the wider online engagement over the subject in China. \"My friends and I have experienced different kinds of sexual harassment in public. And, such things have cast a shadow in our hearts,\" said the student of Chinese, adding that gender discrimination is a root cause. Shi Hanjin, a Chinese student who attends college in Los Angeles, said she had yet to encounter any woman who had not felt sexually harassed, but that through sharing stories women find out that they are not alone. \"I have met male strangers who have stared at me or tried to grope me in public both in Guangzhou (the capital of Guangdong province) and here in LA,\" Shi said. Three other female students in China emphasized the need to enhance gender education from childhood. \"The government should help higher education institutions establish related organizations to receive and deal with reports of sexual harassment,\" said a 23-year-old female student of public finance at Zhongnan University of Economics and Law in Wuhan, capital of Hubei province. \"The government should emphasize education in this field from childhood.\" A 24-year-old female student of English literature from Xiamen University in Fujian province urged the government to open channels where harassment complaints can be made, and said awareness should be improved among men and boys in the country. Her university has been offering some safety lessons, \"warning girls of the dangers they may meet in this regard\", she added. In essence, these students want anti-harassment offices to be set up on university campuses. A law student, 25, from China University of Political Science and Law in Beijing, said she was harassed by a man in his 50s during her internship at a company where he worked. She said she saw no reason why universities should not have \"zero tolerance\" for sexual misconduct by faculty members, adding that many students keep quiet, fearing the fallout on their academic careers from trying to expose the transgressions of their teachers. Liang Tao, 23, who is studying biomedical engineering at Zhejiang University, said he will pay closer attention to women's rights now that he knows more about them from the online discussions. One of his female classmates was harassed on a bus, he added. Empathy for survivors and anger toward perpetrators has always existed in society, he said. \"But in the past, there was no social media and people's awareness was low.\" Another male interviewee, Lian Dashuai, 25, from Southeast University in Nanjing, Jiangsu province, said women who speak out against their harassers usually do so once they are well away from them. Lian, who is studying preventive medicine, sees the related discussions, especially in Chinese universities, as a positive development. Both the male students and also Zhang Zepeng, who is studying at Zhejiang University of Finance and Economics, feel that younger Chinese men have a better understanding of gender equality\u00a3\u00adthey do not view women as \"inferior\". The male interviewees also said they support the online conversations. Drawing a slightly different picture of the modern Chinese man, two female students said during the interviews that their partners appeared indifferent to their plight when they told them about incidents of sexual misconduct they had experienced in the past. For one female university student from Jiangsu, the importance of awareness can never be overstated. \"My family told me not to live with my boyfriend,\" she said of the conservative approach some parents have toward live-in relationships in China. \"But they failed to tell me how to respond to sexual assault,\" she said, alleging that an older male relative had assaulted her in a different area of China years ago.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Chinese people's enthusiasm for tourism will soon be fired up, as an eight-day holiday will start Oct 1 and continue through Oct 8. The break combines both the National Day holiday and the Mid-Autumn Festival, traditionally a time for family reunions. According to China's travel platform Mafengwo, travel topics regarding the National Day holiday on the platform are buzzing. The topics' search volume surged by 210 percent in August, compared with July.  The top 10 domestic tourism destinations are Beijing, Shanghai, Chengdu, Chongqing, Xi'an, Hangzhou, Guangzhou, Sanya, Xiamen and Qingdao, according to Mafengwo's latest travelling trends report. Compared with past years' hot domestic tourism destinations, this year's places are almost unchanged. That shows Chinese tourists have formed their travelling preferences, said Feng Rao, head of Mafengwo's research center.  Chinese people are changing their travel goals from visiting scenic spots in a hurry to enjoying a leisurely lifestyle in new places, Feng said.  Delicious food becomes an important factor in domestic tourism destination picks. About 67 percent of tourists will consider this when selecting places to travel.  Mafengwo said during the upcoming National Day holiday tourists will mainly come from first- and second -tier cities. The average domestic tourism package price is 3,410 yuan ($521) for this year's National Day holiday, an increase of 21 percent from the same time a year earlier. Among the top 10 domestic tourism destinations, Sanya's tourism package price is highest at 4,665 yuan, increased 26.5 percent from the previous year.  This year, outbound travel remains sizzling. The average outbound tourism package price is 7,906 yuan for this year's National Day holiday, an increase of 45 percent from the same time a year earlier.  Popular outbound tourism destinations are Japan, Thailand, Indonesia, Singapore, Vietnam, Malaysia and Maldives. Based on data from Headlines Today, or Jinri Toutiao, a news aggregator app, here are 10 hot tourism topics Chinese people focus on during the National Day holiday.    ", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Both China and the United States saw positive signs before the third round of trade talks to negotiate disputes between the two largest economies in the world. A delegation headed by President Xi Jinping's special envoy and Vice-Premier Liu He arrived in Washington on Tuesday afternoon for economic and trade consultations with the US side at the invitation of the US government. The delegation members, coming from major economic sectors of the Chinese government, include Governor of the People's Bank of China Yi Gang, Vice-Chairman of the National Development and Reform Commission Ning Jizhe, Deputy Director of the Office of the Central Commission for Financial and Economic Affairs Liao Min, Vice-Foreign Minister Zheng Zeguang, Vice-Minister of Industry and Information Technology Luo Wen, Vice-Finance Minister Zhu Guangyao, Vice-Minister of Agriculture and Rural Affairs Han Jun, as well as Vice-Minister of Commerce and Deputy International Trade Representative Wang Shouwen. The two new members of the delegation are Vice-Minister of Agriculture and Rural Affairs Han Jun and Vice-Minister of Industry and Information Technology Luo Wen, neither of whom attended the China-US talks on trade and economic issues in Beijing earlier this May, when a senior US economic delegation led by Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin visited China. On Sunday, US President Donald Trump said in a tweet he and President Xi Jinping are working together to give Chinese telecom company ZTE Corp \"a way to get back into business, fast.\" \u00a1\u00b0Commerce Department has been instructed to get it done!\" Trump wrote. Several days ago, more than 1,100 economists sent a letter to United States President Donald Trump and the US Congress warning against the growing protectionism of the country's trade policies. The letter says tariff moves would restrict the flow of goods and capital and increased protective duties would be a mistake. 500 CFOs from around the world also expressed deep concerns about US policies that would restrict the flow of goods, capital and people. As such, this consultation is thought to be a crucial one; the Chinese delegation is under pressure to defend the core interests of the country, as well as the multilateral free trade system and global free trade. Meanwhile, the US side faces serious risk of pricing itself out of the market, or causing the talks to fall apart. Were either to happen, it would lead to enormous economic loss.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "  As an integral part of the China-Russia Forum: New Media ? Youth Collaboration, the China-Russia ? Youth Collaboration aims to conduct academic exchanges and promote creative program cooperation among youths from China and Russia. On September 14, five participants gathered at China Daily headquarters in Beijing to take part in the send-off party ahead of the China-Russia ? Youth Collaboration.  The upcoming event, which begins on September 16, will be held in Rostov-on-Don, the biggest city in southern Russia.  A total of 17 top minds have been selected to participate in the event, and they will exchange ideas on topics such as new trends in the internet, network security and new media technology during the eight-day activity. Five Chinese college students - Wei Danyang from Peking University; Lan Juxin form Communication University of China; Wu Yuhong from Jinan University; Jiang Jie from Guangdong University of Foreign Studies; and Zhao Zijian from Tianjin Normal University - will take part in the brainstorming sessions there. One of the highlights of the event will be students working as a team and jointly producing a video clip on the Don River and its culture. Also, the Sino-Russian electronic sports show will demonstrate the competitive and cooperative features in online media.  \"Vigorous and passionate, college students usually have a keen power of observation. I hope they will give full play to their strong points and learn something useful and meaningful through the event,\u00a1\u00b1 said Han Lei, editor-in-chief of China Daily Website.  Jiang Jie, a student, said, \"I was a volunteer at the first session of China-Russia Forum last year. This year, I am honored to become a participant, it is a valuable chance for me.\u00a1\u00b1 \"I believe the trip to Russia will be an unforgettable experience.\" Lan Junxin, another student, said, \"I'm good at making short videos and I'm looking forward to record the beautiful natural scenery and rich cultural life of Rostov-on-Don, and I cherish the chance.\u00a1\u00b1 The China-Russia Forum: New Media ? Youth Collaboration, supported by the State Administration of Press, Publication, Radio, Film and Television of China and the Russian Ministry of Telecom and Mass Communications, was held in Guangdong province in 2016. Following the success of China-Russia Tourism Year, China-Russia Language Year and the China-Russia Youth Year, the forum is bound to promote fruitful collaborations between the two countries. ", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "An automated high-speed railway line linking Beijing and Zhangjiakou, host cities of the 2022 Winter Olympics, will be tested in 2019, said its manufacturer on Thursday. \"The fully automated train will be built using environment friendly materials,\" said Wang Run, a deputy to the 13th National People's Congress and chairman of CRRC Changchun Railway Vehicles Co. The 174-kilometer intercity railroad is a high-speed rail line, with a designed speed up to 350 km/h. Construction work on the line began in April 2016 and is expected to be completed by the end of 2019. There are 10 stations along the line, under the government plan. Travel time between Beijing to Zhangjiakou in Hebei province will be shortened from the current three-odd hours to within an hour after the trains start normal operations. Wang said the new carriages can save more than 7.5 percent of the energy consumed to power the trains presently. It will complete its trial run on a route linking Beijing and Shenyang in Liaoning province in the summer of next year. The new trains are designed specifically for viewers and athletes to travel between Beijing and Zhangjiakou during the Winter Olympics in 2022 and also have a media carriage with Wi-Fi service and TV screens for live broadcasting, an athlete drug-testing area and a storage area for winter sports equipment. \"The Olympic trains will be more intelligent and environment-friendly than the Fuxing (Rejuvenation) bullet trains that were put into operation on the Beijing-Shanghai high-speed rail line in September last year,\" said Feng Hao, a researcher at the Institute of Comprehensive Transportation at the National Development and Reform Commission. Wang Dujuan, another NPC deputy and chief engineer of China Railway Hi-Tech Industry Co, said the 2022 Winter Olympics will offer a unique platform for China to showcase its high-speed train manufacturing technologies, related services and supporting facilities to global visitors and potential clients from the government and private sector. She said the railroad can still transport people to take part in various winter sport activities in Zhangjiakou after the Games, as well as support coordinated development of Beijing, Tianjin and Hebei. CRRC Changchun shipped metro trains for the Rio Olympics in Brazil and operated the system for the duration of the Games in 2016. Wang, from CRRC Changchun, said the smart train is also designed to run on different line gauges, meaning it could meet the demands of running between China and other countries and regions related to the Belt and Road Initiative.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Members of the 13th Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference (CPPCC) National Committee have mooted the idea of a social credit evaluation system for the entertainment sector, as China steps up efforts to bring order to an industry that was rocked by plagiarism, tax evasion and payments to create fake fan followings in 2018. The social credit system, a unified system that ranks trustworthiness across several parameters, is likely to be rolled out nationally in 2020. There have already been suggestions by some of the members at the ongoing session of the 13th CPPCC National Committee that the entertainment sector needs to be brought under its ambit. Gong Hanlin, a well-known comedian and a CPPCC National Committee member, suggested a blacklist mechanism that would impose punishments for offenders, similar to the social credit system that seeks to prevent offenders from purchasing train or flight tickets. \"It is necessary to curb such behavior,\" Gong said. Gong was referring to many gray industries, such as follower buying, as pop stars' online influence can help attract numerous business opportunities, considering the purchasing power of their fans. Cai Xukun, a popular singer who has worked with numerous brands like Chanel, was reported by State broadcaster CCTV as one of those who have created huge fake online fan followings. His latest post featuring a new song on Weibo, one of China's most popular social media platforms, received about 100 million reposts. The number was roughly one-third of the Weibo users in total. Such activities have been mushrooming recently with the growing popularity of social media. Agents who can create fake fan followings are found everywhere, be it on Taobao or on WeChat. In a demonstration video by CCTV, they offer various services from basic packages of fake fans and reposts, to customized services. A basic package of 400 followers on Weibo and 100 shares only costs about 10 yuan ($1.5). \"Creating fake fan followings can have negative public influence,\" said Zhang Kaili, a well-known actress and CPPCC National Committee member. \"But public reaction on such misconduct has proved to be a more serious deterrent, though there is no regulatory punishment,\" she said. Zhai Tianlin, an actor, was charged with plagiarizing his academic dissertation during his graduate studies at Beijing Film Academy. This drew online criticism and even triggered public anger especially from those who are still struggling to get a doctoral degree. In the past, \"highly educated\" was one of Zhai's labels to attract a large fan base. Recent reports revealed that Zhai's business and filming opportunities have been hurt by the scandal. The Beijing Film Academy said in February that Zhai's suspected plagiarism was under investigation. Hou Guangming, the Party secretary of Beijing Film Academy and a CPPCC National Committee member, said that higher education of film professionals should be more comprehensive and go in parallel with the ongoing efforts to boost acting and direction talent.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "For contributions promoting Chinese books and writings to global audiences, 20 international authors, translators and publishers were honored in Beijing with the Special Book Award of China on Tuesday.  The ceremony, with Vice-Premier Liu Yandong presenting the awards, also marked the opening of the 24th Beijing International Book Fair, in which some 1,000 book events will be held from Wednesday to Sunday.  The fair, the world's second-largest, has attracted 2,500 publishers from 89 countries and regions, and they brought 300,000 titles.  One of the winners was British translator Paul White, who has been working with China International Publishing Group for 31 years.  Among the books he worked on are Xi Jinping: The Governance of China and The Chinese Path and the Chinese Dream.  \"I stay here because of the huge changes China has experienced,\" White said.  White said Chinese culture presents topics that are popular with global audiences. But as interest grows, international readers also want to read about China's progress in technology and politics.  Alicia Relinque Eleta, the Spanish translator of The Peony Pavilion, received an award for her long dedication to making Chinese classics available to the Spanish world. \"When I was pursuing the Chinese language in the 1980s, people thought I was crazy. But Chinese culture had the magic to cheer up a middle school teacher of mine, who had never smiled at us until after a trip to China.\"  From that moment, Relinque Eleta said, \"I've dedicated my life to pondering the best Spanish rhythms to convey the Chinese original\".  Lebanese publisher Mohamad El Khatib has cooperated with 20 Chinese publishers to present 100 Chinese titles in his native market.  \"From the books, the Lebanese people see they share the same values with Chinese, especially in family and relationships with kids,\" he said.  Zhao Haiyun, of the State Administration of Press, Publication, Radio, Film and Television, said the winners, selected from more than 200 candidates, \"have greatly contributed to spreading Chinese culture as well as Chinese stories to the world\".  Established in 2005, the award has honored 88 such writers, publishers and translators from 40 countries.  Zhao said this year, 10 of the 20 winners are from countries involved with the Belt and Road Initiative, \"a sign of much closer publishing cooperation with those countries\", he said.  The initiative is also the featured topic for the Beijing International Publishing Forum, an annual key gathering held one day ahead of the book fair held on Tuesday, attracting publishers from home and abroad to share insights into global publishing exchanges.  Wu Shangzhi, deputy minister of the State Administration of Press, Publication, Radio, Film and Television, noted that copyright trade with countries involved in the Belt and Road Initiative has grown by 20 percent since 2014.  Wu also said the Chinese publishing industry grossed 2.3 trillion yuan ($350 billion) in 2016, a 9 percent year-on-year increase.  Wang Yiwei, professor at Renmin University of China in Beijing, said of the forum: \"The Belt and Road Initiative is a promise Chinese leaders made to the world: not only will China achieve its rejuvenation, it will encourage these countries to rejuvenate and thus create shared prosperity for all.\" ", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "  Preschool education in China has never been so subject to public scrutiny as during the past month following a slew of allegations of mistreatment in early childcare facilities in a number of cities, including Beijing and Shanghai.  The latest allegations concern a kindergarten in Beijing operated by RYB Education, a listed company in New York. Parents circulated photos showing what they claimed were needle marks on their children's skin.  The claims followed an incident at a prekindergarten in Shanghai, where parents distributed video footage they said showed teachers beating toddlers and force-feeding them wasabi.  The alleged incidents have sparked an unprecedented public outcry nationwide, with parents asking that if such things can occur at high-end facilities in the country's most developed and international cities, what might be happening in second-and third-tier cities or the most isolated areas?  Many say the mistreatment of children by professionals is not restricted to isolated cases, but is a systemic problem that arose during the rapid expansion of the childcare and education sectors, and there is no quick fix.  For most of its history, China was a largely agrarian society where there was little need for formal early childhood education as children were usually cared for within the extended family.  Kindergartens - in China, that means facilities for children ages 3 to 6 - only began emerging toward the end of the last century, mainly catering to affluent urban families.  The situation started changing in the 1980s when the economy started to take off and society became increasingly mobile. Millions of migrant workers moved to the cities, leaving children in the care of older relatives. Demand for kindergartens grew rapidly in urban areas as the extended family dwindled and no one was available to care for the children while their parents worked.  Meanwhile, as primary and secondary school education became increasingly competitive, many parents succumbed to the pressure and sought schooling options earlier and earlier. \"Do not let the child lose at the starting line!\" is one of the most popular slogans in contemporary China.  As a result, the early education industry has exploded. Last year, there were 44 million registered kindergartners, up from 34.5 million in 2011, and while the government has supported that growth, both financially and with favorable policies, demand far outstrips supply.  In 2013, the Ministry of Education set the full-time kindergarten staff-to-student ratio at 1-to-5, but it is now closer to 1-to-20. The gap is likely to grow after the government introduced the second-child policy last year.  By 2021, China will have an extra 15 million preschoolers, while the shortfall of preschool teachers and childcare workers will surpass 3 million, according to a 2016 study conducted by the Chinese Fund for the Humanities and Social Sciences. The latest available statistics show that nearly 210,000 students majored in preschool education in 2009, and although the number is expected to have risen in recent years, it will still take years to close the gap.  The pinch is mostly felt by private kindergartens, which account for at least 50 percent of the total yet lag far behind public facilities in terms of financial support and other resources.  As a result, in the absence of qualified instructors these kindergartens often hire unqualified staff members; the ministry's statistics show that 22.4 percent of preschool teachers in China have only been educated to high school standard at most.  A report on china.org quoted a kindergarten principal from Jinan, Shandong province, as saying that once these unqualified teachers \"find that the children are not as cute and naive as they had imagined, lacking better training they will simply treat them improperly\".  Moreover, parents, who in extreme cases have to struggle in a competitive environment to secure a kindergarten spot for their child, have to take whatever is offered.  Insiders believe that fixing the situation will require a clear understanding of the causes of the shortage of qualified professionals, which include a lack of respect for the profession, poor salaries and the resultant low popularity of training courses.  As a relatively new profession, early childhood educators have lower social status to their primary and secondary school counterparts. Many people, especially the older generation, consider them to be little more than nannies, whose duties can easily be replicated.  \"Few people understand that preschool education is more than physical care; it is also emotionally and intellectually demanding,\" said Liu Qing, a 23-year-old journalist. In 2015, as an intern at a local paper, Liu spent a month working undercover in four Beijing kindergartens to collect first-hand information about early childhood education.  In her account of the experience, she described how she easily passed all the interviews when posing as a high school graduate, and detailed the physical exhaustion and emotional frustration that resulted from working almost 14 hours a day. At one point, when challenged by a group of unruly children, Liu, who had long considered herself a child lover, found herself roughly pushing a child aside.  \"I survived the experience only by telling myself time and time again that 'This is not my real job and I'll leave it soon,'\" she wrote.  It costs nearly 5,000 yuan ($755) a month to enroll a child at the RYB kindergarten in Beijing at the center of the most recent allegations, but most of its teachers are paid an average of 3,650 yuan a month. By comparison, a live-in nanny earns about 5,000 yuan a month in China's major cities.  The failure to recognize preschool teaching as a profession has resulted in difficulties attracting and retaining talented people.  Hu Ke, 25, opted to study preschool education at a key university, but most of her classmates were transferred to the course because they failed to meet the academic requirements of their desired majors.  As one of the few who chose to work as an early childhood educator upon graduation, Hu remembers the shock in her classmates' eyes when she announced her decision.  Having spent five years employed at a public kindergarten, working 12-hour shifts and earning 5,000 yuan a month, she plans to quit next year.  \"I love children - so what?\" she said. \"I simply can't carry on anymore. I really hope society can learn to value the profession a little more.\"  In a column published on Tencent Dajia, a popular online social topics forum, education expert Yin Jianli wrote: \"Teachers are among the most vital and valuable resources a kindergarten can offer; without them other resources are meaningless.\"  Xiong Bingqi, deputy director of the 21st Century Education Research Institute in Beijing, shares that opinion. However, he noted that while the government and society have rushed to build more kindergartens to accommodate the growing younger population, the question of how to attract and retain qualified professionals to ensure top-quality care has only recently risen to the top of the agenda.  Teachers' salaries account for only a small percentage of early childhood education expenditures, especially in private kindergartens, and while many people blame the profit motive, some insiders see it as a systemic problem.  Despite rising investment by the government and parents, early childhood educational institutions remain underfunded compared with primary and lower secondary education, according to a paper recently published in the International Journal of Educational Development.  The authors found that public financial support constituted less than 30 percent of the total investment in early childhood education, with most institutions relying on off-budget revenue sources, such as fees and levies.  Tight budgets have been further diluted by the rise in costs associated with other expenditure, especially rents, which can be astronomical in some cities. By the time the money trickles down to the teachers there isn't much left.  \"If the teachers are not treated fairly and with dignity, how can you expect them to do the same to the children?\" Xiong said.  Jing Yishan, a well-known social commentator, said these factors and the lax supervision of kindergartens explain why the installation of surveillance cameras in the kindergartens at the center of the claims in Beijing and Shanghai didn't prevent the teachers from allegedly hurting toddlers.  The installation of closed-circuit cameras is meaningless unless there are watchful eyes behind them, he said.  According to Jing, while both education authorities and parents can serve as those eyes, in practice, the parents' rights can't be guaranteed because preschool education remains a seller's market.  In the recent cases, the local governments responded promptly, firing and even detaining teachers and administrators.  The installation of surveillance cameras at kindergartens is now compulsory, and permanent inspectors have been hired to oversee kindergartens in the two cities. The State Council, China's Cabinet, has also dispatched inspectors nationwide to check teachers' ethics and working methods.  Experts believe greater recognition of the contributions and value of early childhood educators, specifically through a pay rise, would be the first step to addressing the underlying problems.  Xiong urged better funding of early childhood education, along with a revised mechanism to attract more investment and ensure better treatment of the teachers.  Bi Yinghu, an early childhood education expert at the University of Macao, suggested the government should establish a special fund and also set a minimum salary requirement to ensure teachers are paid fairly.  Xiong is in favor of higher wages for preschool teachers, but stresses that long-term solutions must be found to eradicate the problem for good.  \"This (a pay rise) would just serve as a start,\" he said. ", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "China's renowned palace complex the Forbidden City or the Palace Museum in central Beijing formally opened its first-ever baby caring rooms for visitors on Wednesday. The baby-friendly facility consists of three private breastfeeding rooms, mother-and-baby toilet and a baby-themed souvenir shop with female staff members providing necessary services for visitors. The facility is located at the west side of the square near the Gate of Heavenly Purity, the main gate of the Inner Court of the Palace Museum. Inside, the rooms are full of decorations with cartoon images of China's traditional ancient divine animals, there are bottle warmers, booster seats as well as baby changing stations available in the room. The courtyard besides the facility is also equipped with a slide for children to play. Shan Jixiang, director of the Palace Museum said considering the inconvenience of many mothers who take their babies to visit the palace museum, they reduced their business scope and set up the baby caring room to cater to the need of the visitors. So far, nearly 300 mothers have benefited from the service.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Shanghai, Beijing and Shenzhen remain the most attractive destinations for real estate development, according to an annual report released by research institute China Index Academy on June 7. The report, covering 297 cities at prefecture level or above, measured a city's attractiveness to investment in property development based on the market capacity and potential for prices to rise. The market capacity is assessed in terms of population, economic strength, wealth, resources, traffic and market size, while the potential in price rises includes factors such as supply, demand, price levels and market heat. Here is a full list of the top 10 cities most attractive for investment in property development. No 10 Chongqing No 1 Shanghai No 9 Wuhan No 8 Chengdu No 7 Nanjing No 6 Hangzhou No 5 Guangzhou No 4 Tianjin No 3 Shenzhen No 2 Beijing  ", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "The shared accommodation industry should follow a \"platform plus\" model to inject new impetus in China's pre-owned housing market, said the co-founder of Beijing home-sharing company Xiaozhu during the Boao Forum for Asia in Hainan. 'Platform plus' is a reference to China's Internet Plus strategy to integrate new technologies, such as AI, big data, and cloud computing, in traditional industries. Chen Chi, also the company's CEO, made the remarks while discussing future trends in China's sharing economy with founders from other industry players, such as Booking.com, Grab, and VIPKid. \"The 'platform plus' strategy is to complete the missing links in the service industry chain,\" Chen said. \"Xiaozhu has been offering numerous value-added services, ranging from housekeeping, home interior photography to smart devices, so as to provide shared home users with a more convenient living environment.\" \"According to our data, the demands for housekeeping and photography are growing fast. The house keeper with most orders on our platform earns more than 160,000 yuan a year and the best photographer can rake in 60,000 yuan monthly,\" said Chen. Considered China's answer to Airbnb, Xiaozhu has listed more than 500,000 shared houses in 650 cities and other destinations on its platform since its foundation in 2012. Many are fitted with smart locks, smoke detectors and alarms. According to Chen, with the Chinese economy entering the phase of \"new normal\", the sharing economy will face multi-layered challenges, including innovating its business model, adopting intelligent technologies, and offering standardized services. Advances in new technologies such as 5G and internet of things will bring huge potential for the home-share market, which is still in its early stages, according to Chen, who said that the company will accelerate its expansion to non-first-tier cities and rural areas. According to latest Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs of China data, over 3 billion tourists visited rural resorts last year, which collected revenues of more than 800 billion yuan. To take advantage of rural tourism's potential Xiaozhu last year signed a strategic deal with the Tourism Development Committee of Hainan province to promote the rural homestay market while helping it alleviate poverty. \"The company will also further integrate its platform businesses with services including housekeeping, photography, house design and smart devices to boost a healthy, sustainable hospitality industry,\" Chen said.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "For Chinese dancer-choreographer Chen Ailian, who is nearing 80, age is just a number. Legendary Chinese dancer-choreographer Chen Ailian is showing no signs of slowing down even as she approaches 80. Over Sept 14-16, she did three nights of performances to celebrate her career spanning 65 years. She played the role of Lin Daiyu, a teenage heroine in the dance drama A Dream of Red Mansions, which is based on a novel of the same title written by Cao Xueqin during the Qing Dynasty (1644-1911). Chen, who was born in Shanghai and grew up in an orphanage, started to study traditional Chinese dance in Beijing in 1952. The same year, she watched a performance by the late Russian ballerina Galina Ulanova in Beijing.,After the Beijing Dance Academy was founded in 1954, Chen was transferred to study there. Chen is among the first dancers trained after the founding of the People's Republic of China and one of the most influential dance masters in the world. Since 1957, she has starred in the ballets Fish Beauty, White-Haired Girl and Farewell My Concubine. A Dream of Red Mansions is her favorite and the ballet premiered in 1981, combining traditional Chinese dance with Western ballet and modern dance. The Chinese classic has been staged more than 600 times in a span of 36 years. In addition, Chen is still an outstanding dance educator. In 1989, she founded her art group Ailian Troupe. And in 1995, she founded the Ailian Dance School.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Silk Street, a shopping center in Chaoyang district, Beijing, is a must-see for international tourists. Now, in addition to a shopping spree, foreign tourists can also get a touch of traditional Chinese culture thanks to the new culture and travel experience center that opened on July 30. Organized by Beijing Jinshubiao Tourism Development Co., the center is titled \"Amazing China\". According to the CEO Zhang Jinqiang, this kind of center aims to help foreign people get a closer look at Chinese fine culture and transform Silk Street into the one-stop Chinese culture and tourism destination. \"It has been 10 years since China started to develop inbound tourism. During the past decade, tremendous changes have taken place in the industry. Tourists are not contented with going around the city and seeing some beautiful scenic areas. Instead, they hope to have a deep touch of the city. \"For example, they want to interact with local people and experience the daily life of them. Also, they are very interested in knowing Chinese unique culture and appreciate Chinese chic. That\u00a1\u00afs the reason why \u00a1\u00aeAmazing China\u00a1\u00af was born,\" Zhang added. At the center, three parts have been set up for visitors. Chinese-style fashion shows will be held regularly. Foreign people can wear Chinese traditional clothes and catwalk on the stage. The one-stop cultural experience pavilion has been established for people to learn Chinese art such as calligraphy, poetry and painting. The last section is an exhibition and store of cultural and creative products, a place to find traditional Chinese souvenirs.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Discipline inspectors handled 10,186 graft cases in the first 11 months of this year, up by 55 percent year-on-year, according to data released by the Beijing Commission for Discipline Inspection on Friday. During the same period of time, the authority received 42,829 public tip-offs through letters and visits, an increase of 31 percent year-on-year, according to the commission. Chen Mingjie, spokesperson of the commission, said the rise is a result of intensified supervision. \u00a1\u00b0Beijing has achieved effective results on anti-corruption with a continuous high pressure on violations,\u00a1\u00b1 he said, adding the commission has improved their working mechanism by increasing online channels for public complaints and investigating deeply on every corruption case. A total of 576 government officials who have violated the \u00a1\u00b0eight-point frugality rules\u00a1\u00b1 were punished from January to November, an increase of 45 percent compared with the same period last year, according to the commission. In December 2012, China's central leadership issued the \u00a1\u00b0eight-point rules\u00a1\u00b1, requiring government officials to strictly practice frugality and clean up undesirable work styles such as formalism, bureaucratism, hedonism and extravagance. Practices such as the use of public funds to buy gifts, hold banquets and pay for holidays have since been strictly banned. Chen said the commission will step up efforts against hedonism and extravagance during the upcoming New Year and Spring Festival holidays. He said inspection work will focus on county and township governments, to avoid corruption in the grassroots. Li Shixin, spokesman of the Organization Department of the Beijing Committee of the Communist Party of China, said the department will establish an information database of clean government officials jointly with the discipline commission to better choose and supervise public servants.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "TIANJIN - China on Wednesday increased the maximum speed of bullet trains on the Beijing-Tianjin high-speed railway to 350 km per hour (kph), reducing the inter-city travel time by five minutes. The route now runs a Fuxing (Rejuvenation), the newest bullet train model developed in China. The increase will shorten travel time between Beijing South Railway Station and Tianjin Railway Station from 35 minutes to 30 minutes with no price difference in fares. \"Although the time was only five minutes shorter, I was excited to see the speed of 350 kilometers per hour on the display,\" said passenger Zheng Yi onboard the C2002 train departing from Tianjin Wednesday. Beijing-Tianjin inter-city trains started a new train schedule Wednesday, with daily train frequency increasing from 217 one-way services to 272, according to China Railway Beijing Group.", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "BEIJING - The construction of Xiongan railway station was started Saturday with a goal to optimize China's high-speed railway networks covering Beijing, Tianjin and Hebei Province, according to sources from the China Railway. With a construction period of 24 months, the station is the biggest one among the five stations along the 92.4-km-long intercity railroad linking Beijing and Xiongan. The other four stations are Huangcun, new airport, Gu'an East and Bazhou North. Upon its completion by the end of 2020, the station will be connected with the country's five high-speed railways and intercity railroads, which will allow passengers from Xiongan New Area to get to Beijing, Tianjin in half an hour and Shijiazhuang, the capital of Hebei Province, in one hour. The project will also make Xiongan New Area a key transportation hub well connected with the central, southern, northwestern, southwestern and northeastern parts of China. Sources with the China Railway said international bidding for the station's design and construction plans had been completed, while construction experiences involving several domestic and overseas integrated traffic hubs have been drawn upon. A variety of intelligent design and construction technologies would be applied so that the station would be a signature upon completion, said the sources. In a master development plan for Xiongan New Area published in late April, the Chinese government described the new region as having \"national significance\" following the Shenzhen Special Economic Zone and Shanghai Pudong New Area. About 100 kilometers southwest of Beijing, Xiongan New Area, known as China's \"city of the future\" in Hebei Province, has been designed to become a zone for innovation, a digital city synchronized with a brick-and-mortar one, and a livable and business-friendly area. By the middle of the century, Xiongan will become a significant part of the world-class Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei city cluster, effectively performing Beijing's non-capital functions and providing a Chinese solution to \"big city malaise,\" according to the plan.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "BEIJING - Beijing's per capita property income surged 13.1 percent year on year in 2017, 3.4 percentage points higher than the previous year, the municipal statistics bureau said. Net property income hit 9,306 yuan (about $1,467) on average last year, the bureau said. The growth was attributed to diversified investment and new business channels. In 2017, Beijing's per capita disposable income stood at 57,230 yuan, up 6.9 percent in real terms, 0.2 percentage point higher than the GDP growth during the same period, it said. Beijing's economy grew 6.7 percent in 2017, lower than the 6.8 percent in 2016. Wages and salaries still account for the majority of the disposable income in Beijing. Beijing's per capita income from wages and salaries increased 6.4 percent year on year to 35,217 yuan last year, according to the bureau.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "      The documentary \"Beijing Night\" launched Monday in Berlin, and is set to be broadcast on five German TV stations in three days.  \"Beijing Night\" is a documentary TV program  ed by Beijing TV station, covering daily life, travel,  history and film of Beijing.  The documentary is scheduled to be broadcast every Friday night for a whole year on Germany's center.tv, Rheinmain.tv, Salve.tv, CityVision.tv, and on TV Berlin for three days.  With a total of 52 episodes that last 30 minutes each, \"Beijing Night\" intends to show the German audience the real daily lives of Chinese people and both the ancient and modern sides of Beijing city.  Petra Sigmund, director of the China dep ment of the German foreign ministry, said at the launching ceremony that \"Beijing Night\" would serve as a good opportunity for German people to learn more about China and Beijing.  Press counselor of Chinese Embassy to Germany Erdong Wang said that the launching of \"Beijing Night\" would bolster communication and understanding between Chinese and German peoples and advance the cooperation between the two countries.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Police and education authorities in Beijing are probing a child abuse case at the Xintiandi branch of RYB Education Kindergarten, a well-known chain of preschools. This is the latest in a number of similar cases reported recently nationwide. Several parents reported to police on Wednesday night that their children, all around 3 years old and enrolled at the company's Xintiandi branch, had needle marks on their bodies and were repeatedly fed unidentified white pills. Police were investigating and collecting evidence. Doctors and forensic experts also are participating, but so far no conclusion could be made, according to the Beijing Municipal Public Security Bureau. The education commission of Beijing's Chaoyang district, which oversees the kindergarten, said that it also is looking into the case and that three teachers have been suspended. The Ministry of Education has begun a special inspection of the management of kindergartens nationwide and required local education authorities to take effective measures to improve teachers' morality and tighten supervision, according to a ministry release late Thursday. RYB Education Kindergarten was China's largest early years education service provider in annual revenue last year, according to the Frost & Sullivan Report. On Sept 27, RYB Education Inc, the kindergartens' parent company, rang the opening bell on the New York Stock Exchange, indicating it was the first independent enterprise to be listed in the early childhood education field. It's initial public offering was filed the day before. RYB's stock price on the NYSE fell on Wednesday to $26.71 a share, down by $1.02, or 3.68 percent. The NYSE was closed on Thursday for a national holiday. This has been the third reported child abuse case in a month. On Nov 13, Shanghai police detained a person surnamed Zheng who was in charge of a day care center where staff were caught on camera abusing toddlers. Three other staffers were detained, according to Shanghai police. Almost at the same time, Golden Cradle Education and Technology Group, which has more than 700 kindergartens and schools nationwide, also became involved in a similar accusation as parents said teachers at one of its kindergartens in Beijing abused children. Police are investigating, but so far no details have been released.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "The thriving China-Chilean economic and trade cooperation will be further bolstered by the upcoming China International Import Expo, officials and company executives of the two countries said at a Chile Week seminar in Beijing on Nov 1. Chile Week aims to project the participation of Chile in the Belt and Road Initiative in the technological and financial fields, and seeks to attract innovative investments in these areas. This year's Chile Week was scheduled in November, instead of previous years' August or September, to coincide with the expo, to be held in Shanghai starting Nov 5. Wang Shouwen, vice-minister of commerce of China, regarded the China-Chile relationship as a good example of cooperation on the basis of equality and mutual benefit. Chile was the first Latin American country to sign a free trade agreement with China, and the bilateral trade volume between the two countries reached $35.4 billion last year, four times its size than when the agreement was signed. As China's third-largest trading partner in Latin America, Chile's food and beverages such as blueberries and wine are welcomed happily in China. Chile is the second largest fruit exporter to China, and the third largest wine exporter to China, the minister said. The two countries upgraded their free trade agreement on Nov 11 last year, which will go into effect on Jan 1, 2019. According to the minister, the two countries will enhance operations under the framework of the Belt and Road Initiative, and conduct cooperation in multiple fields such as agriculture, infrastructure and tourism. The China International Import Expo, the first of its kind in China, will provide further opportunities for overseas commodities and services, the minister added.,According to Chilean Ambassador Luis Schmidt, the country is willing to conduct cooperation with China under the framework of the Belt and Road Initiative, and also mentioned the two parties will sign a memorandum of understanding on the Belt and Road Initiative on Friday. The CIIE is a key component of multilateral relations, the ambassador added. Chile will showcase its products and export services at the country pavilion, and display high-quality, healthy food at the food pavilion. 15 Chilean enterprises and five industries, namely wine, fruit, pork, avocado and olive oil, will be showcased at the expo. According to Steven Fang, CEO of EAE Mall, China Eastern Airlines, hundreds of flights are bringing cherries from Chile to China directly. The first batch of fresh king crabs will be transported from Chile to China next week, he added. Fang also noted Chile salmon, cherries and king crabs are being introduced to all of China, not only metropolitan areas like Beijing, Shanghai and Guangzhou. Daniel Meng, head of fresh global sourcing for Chinese e-commerce giant JD.com, said Chilean food products are welcomed at e-commerce stores and he is looking forward to the country's huge pavilion at CIIE.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "BEIJING - Three new longer Fuxing bullet trains will start to run on the Beijing-Shanghai line on July 1, China Railway Beijing Group Co Ltd said Friday. With a designed speed of 350 kilometers per hour, the new train measures more than 400 meters in length and has 16 carriages, twice as many as current ones, according to the bureau. It can carry nearly 1,200 passengers. Internet, power supply, and tourist information systems have all been upgraded on the new trains, said Zhang Bo, a researcher at the China Academy of Railway Sciences Corporation Limited. The longer trains began testing in Beijing in June. Entirely designed and manufactured in China, the Fuxing, or Rejuvenation, trains are more spacious and energy-efficient, with a longer service life and better reliability than previous models. Over the past decade, China has rapidly developed its high-speed railways. The country currently has the world's longest high-speed rail network, about one-third of which has been designed to run at a speed of 350 km per hour.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "China's top health authority is standing by its statement that more than 500 million people had been assigned family doctors as of the end of November, despite a barrage of questions raised by netizens. The National Health and Family Planning Commission said on Wednesday that the figure was based on data reported by local governments since May. It reiterated that the number of people who accessed family doctor services met the target for the year. According to a circular from the commission in May last year, more than 30 percent of China's population was supposed to be covered by family doctors by the end of this year. On Sunday, the commission said residents in more than 95 percent of China's cities can now access family doctors, with the total number exceeding 500 million people, more than 35 percent of the population. However, the announcement was met with disbelief by some netizens, who said the number was too high, Science and Technology Daily reported. While the commission said on Wednesday that the number of people covered by family doctors had met the target, it added that coverage varies by area, and quality of service in general needs improvement. A system of family doctors has been promoted nationwide since May and is in its infancy. Many difficulties exist, including a lack of general practitioners and customized grassroots services, the commission said. It said it will focus on improving family doctor services next year, so that residents are more satisfied with the services they receive. Measures include more intense training of healthcare workers at the grassroots. Currently, family doctors comprise physicians mainly working at grassroots medical institutions, such as community health centers and village health facilities. It is expected that family doctors who serve as health gatekeepers for residents will help solve health challenges such as the increasing number of patients with chronic diseases and soaring medical costs resulting from too many patients going to big hospitals while grassroots medical institutions are ignored, the commission said. Wang Xin, a family doctor at the Zhongliang Community Health Service Center in Beijing's Shunyi district, said that of all 1,200 residents in the community, about half have signed up with him, the sole family practitioner in the center. \"The biggest difficulty in promoting family doctors in Beijing is lack of enough qualified doctors,\" Wang said. \"In some areas a family doctor may not even have a bachelor's degree and cannot provide medical services; they can only provide public health services or prescribe drugs, so local residents lack trust and still prefer to go to big hospitals for treatment.\" The number of people covered by family doctor services reached 7.6 million as of May, accounting for 35 percent of permanent residents in Beijing, according to the city's health commission. Beijing residents can sign up with family doctors in their communities for free because of subsidies from the city government.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "With its curtain rising on Tuesday, the five-day China International Fair for Trade in Services (CIFTIS) held in Beijing is in full swing. Themed \"openness, innovation, intelligence and integration\", the fair has attracted 137 countries and regions and 21 international organizations to participate in exhibitions and conferences. In addition, among 131 countries that have signed the cooperation documents of jointly building the Belt and Road Initiative with China, 98 of them have joined the event. As a national-level fair exclusively for trade in services, the event focuses on the service field including science and technology, culture, health and commerce. Let's take a look at some of the exhibits at the fair.", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "Owing to a paucity of high-quality education options in China, parents with young children tend to become anxious in May. That's when the fate of school and junior high school admission applications in major Chinese cities is decided. The struggle for a school seat can get fierce. Many parents are willing to pay big money to buy a home in the neighborhood of their child's school, particularly if it happens to be a reputable institution. Many parents I know started their house-hunts both overseas and in China very early. Qin Hao, a father of two boys, spent more than 10 million yuan ($1.4 million) to buy a 200-square-meter duplex apartment in Pudong New Area of Shanghai in 2014, which allows his kids to go to a well-known public primary school in the district. His older son will enter primary school next year; his younger son will enter kindergarten in September. Chen Xuan, mother of an 11-month-old baby girl, started her preparations to buy a home even before she got married. She spent 3 million yuan to buy a 60-sq-m flat in Shanghai for her future baby's education five years ago. \"In the past year, home prices in Shanghai districts with schools did not rise to sensational levels. This was probably because the school admissions policy changed,\" said Lu Wenxi, a researcher with property consultancy Centaline Shanghai. In Shanghai, local education policy was altered to require parents to choose between public schools and private schools at the application stage itself. Those deciding to apply for private schools will forego their opportunity to admit their children in premium public schools even if their home is located in a school district. According to Lu, the average price of flats in school districts is getting more rational and more acceptable, up by 15 percent to 20 percent compared to similar homes in other localities without schools. In Beijing, even inhabitable flats commanded very high prices in the market not very long ago because of their proximity to schools. In many districts of Beijing, local public schools have digitalized their admissions process. This meant that a kid could no longer enroll into the school by merely invoking old rules. In the past, a student was entitled to a seat in a school nearest to his or her home, according to a report in China Economic Net. Chu Chaohui, a researcher at the National Institute of Education Sciences, suggested that in order to make the new policy more effective, the quality of education offered by various public schools within the same district should improve. The central government asked 12 cities other than Beijing and Shanghai to carry out a trial rental housing equality scheme in 2017. The idea was to ensure more balance in the way local educational resources were accessed by children from families that owned local homes and others from families who rented them. Such measures may have eased long-standing concerns relating to children's education. But, as Xu Yan, an education researcher with Beijing Normal University, stated, the fundamental reason for the fierce competition for admission into high-quality schools is the insufficient good-quality educational resources. This factor has been stoking Chinese parents' anxiety. So, part of the solution to home woes lies in increasing quality schools, he said.", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "  More than 30 central State-owned enterprises from the power, infrastructure and transportation industries have made plans to seize business opportunities expected from the planned creation of the Xiongan New Area in Hebei province, according to the website of the country's top SOE regulator on Monday. Central SOEs including China Telecommunications Corp, China Eastern Airlines, China National Machinery Industry Corp and China Energy Engineering Corp Ltd have all held top management meetings to discuss plans to develop new areas, according to the website of the State-Owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission. To ensure sufficient clean energy supplies, China National Offshore Oil Corp said it will build a branch liquefied natural gas pipeline to the Xiongan New Area, stretching from its LNG supply network connecting its production base in the Inner Mongolia autonomous region to consumption markets in northern China. \"The new area will certainly bring in people, capital and consumer goods, which requires the companies to build hospitals, industrial parks, roads, airports, energy and water-supply facilities,\" said Lu Huapu, a professor at Tsinghua University and a member of the expert committee advising on the integrated development of the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region. Lu said central SOEs, particularly in infrastructure, telecommunications and transportation, are not only expected to be the first batch to move their headquarters and subsidiaries to the new area, but also the first group of project contractors to build the infrastructure of the area. Liu Qitao, chairman of China Communications Construction Co, said: \"Buildings, public transportation, parking, traffic management and logistics should all be supported by smart systems.\" The new area has also brought growth opportunities to financial institutions and companies. China Construction Bank will establish a leading group to coordinate the company's business in the new area in its headquarters in Beijing, as well as setting up a regional branch in the area. China Merchants Group will also support the Xiongan New Area financially in all aspects, including bank loans, bonds, financing, public-private partnership and public listing business. For central SOEs, carrying out big-ticket projects in the new area is more convenient than conducting similar businesses in overseas markets, it would be easy for them to gain financial and policy support in the domestic market and there are fewer risks,\" said Li Jin, chief researcher at the Beijing-based China Enterprise Research Institute.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "When the Shenzhen special economic zone was established, the city had about 300,000 residents. Those with educations above secondary school numbered only 4,000. Forty years after the launch of China's reform and opening-up, the metropolis is home to more than 5 million workers officially designated as high-level talent, as well as 100,000 professionals who have returned from overseas. Pursuing and treasuring skilled technicians and R&D talent has played - and will continue to play - an essential role in the reform pioneer's success, observers say. Cheng Yimu came to Shenzhen in 1991 to pursue his dream after giving up his \"iron rice bowl\", a term referring to job security. Cheng had a position in Beijing at a national authority over the mechanical and electronics industries. \"Since the late 1980s, many of my colleagues went to Shenzhen believing in its huge potential,\" Cheng said. Asked if he was sure about the transfer before his hukou, or household registration, was stamped, he said, \"Just do it.\" In the city, he is part of the founding team of the Huaqiang North Electronics Market, one of the country's best-known electronics hubs. The emerging opportunity was a result of a local move to recruit talent nationwide, one of the first in the country, to China's Silicon Valley. Top workers flew south to take their chances at making a fortune, injecting added force into the thriving manufacturing industry. \"Talent and reform are complementary to each other,\" said Hu Gang, a professor at Jinan University's School of Public Administration. The large amount of talent swarming in provides strong momentum to drive Shenzhen's economic reform, he said. The need for top talent intensified a decade ago when local authorities launched a comprehensive high-level talent identification mechanism, one of the first in the country. It has been continually optimized over the years since. A series of preferential policies eased life for talented individuals, including financial support, housing subsidies, employment for spouses and education for children. As a result, more than 5.1 million highly talented people - mostly with a secondary school or higher education - had jumped aboard by the end of 2017. Meanwhile, Shenzhen's GDP grew to about 2.2 trillion yuan ($317.5 billion), the third-highest in China. What attracted them was not only preferential policies, said Chen Ning, who has a PhD in artificial intelligence. He returned to China from the United States under the Peacock Project, a program Shenzhen introduced in 2010 to attract overseas professionals. He said what he values the most is what the city provided for him to try out his startup's prototype product - a visual intelligence system. Thanks to the successful pilot project, his product has now been launched in more than 20 cities.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "China should attach more importance to the development of the digital economy by strengthening internet-related laws and the protection of intellectual property rights as the new form of economy is expected to account for 35 percent of the country's GDP by 2020, experts said on Tuesday. The nation's top leadership, led by President Xi Jinping, also general secretary of the Communist Party of China Central Committee, have urged the country to accelerate development of the digital economy and cutting-edge technologies, such as artificial intelligence and big data, to better serve the real economy and pursue high-quality development. Xi on Oct 31 urged the country to make more efforts to develop the new generation of artificial intelligence (AI) to promote the country's high-quality economic growth. He also said on Monday in Shanghai at the China International Import Expo that the world should make good use of the opportunities brought by the new round of technological revolution and industrial transformation, and strengthen cooperation in digital economy and AI. Dong Xinyi, an expert at the Law School of the Central University of Finance and Economics said: \"The principle of law-based development should be abided by in the development of the digital economy to ensure its stable growth.\" Dong said much attention should be paid to such legal issues as internet security, personal information protection, consumer protection and the duties of internet platforms. Based on the experiences of other major economies in developing the digital economy, China should strengthen regulation of the internet economy, punish internet piracy, and promote the protection of intellectual property rights, said Wang Haochen, an economist with the State Information Center. China can also draw lessons from developed economies and draft industrial development plans for the digital economy, Wang was quoted by the Outlook magazine as saying. China's digital economy has expanded at a fast pace. In 2017, its scale amounted to 27.2 trillion yuan ($3.93 trillion), accounting for 32.9 percent of the country's GDP and being 2.6 percentage points higher than the previous year, according to the National Bureau of Statistics. The country's e-commerce transactions, meanwhile, reached 29.2 trillion yuan last year and they had grown by 29.8 percent on average each year in the 2014-17 period, the bureau said. By 2020, the share of China's digital economy in its GDP may rise to 35 percent and its scale may increase to 32 trillion yuan, said Qi Yudong, an economist at Beijing Normal University. By 2030, the share could exceed 50 percent, Qi said. In terms of AI development, China aims to grow its core AI industries to over 150 billion yuan by 2020, 400 billion yuan by 2025, and 1 trillion yuan by 2030. Tang Xiao'ou, founder of Sense-Time and a professor at the Chinese University of Hong Kong, said scientific planning is needed to widen the use of AI. \"Technology is not an independent industry. It must be tightly associated with traditional sectors to unleash its potential and to boost efficiency,\" he said. \"More efforts are needed to strengthen the partnership between State-owned and private companies when exploring the application of AI,\" Tang said. Xi stressed on Oct 31 that China is in urgent need of major technological innovation such as the new generation of AI as the nation's economy has been transitioning from rapid growth to high-quality development\u00a3\u00ada pivotal stage for changing the economic growth model, improving the economic structure and fostering new growth drivers. AI should play an important role in the reform for better quality, higher efficiency and more robust drivers of growth, Xi said.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Overseas students struggle to find paid employment in China, but new regulations and a nonprofit group aim to change that. Zhang Yangfei reports. Prisca Kyalisiima refreshed her email inbox and began scanning the most recent messages. None of them were what she had been waiting for: A response to her application to the World Bank's office in Beijing. Her sent folder was filled with email applications for various jobs, each including a cover letter and tailored resume. Last month, the 27-year-old Ugandan started her sophomore year as a PhD candidate in finance at Beijing's University of International Business and Economics. She needs to attend lectures only two days a week, and she is desperate to land part-time work or an internship to use the rest of her time productively. But her job search has stalled. \"I'm a very hardworking person. I'm used to working, not sitting and being idle,\" she said. \"I really want to work at one of the Chinese banks and see how they do things, because I know China is well-known for advanced technology. \"This is one thing I'd feel really sorry about if I leave China without having that experience. It's one of my big dreams.\" She is not alone in her frustration. Foreign students have long complained about the difficulties of finding work in China, before or after graduation. It is a problem local and central authorities are trying to solve by tweaking visa and employment regulations. Some graduates in Beijing have also taken action into their own hands by setting up a group that offers advice and training to overseas students looking for work in China. Foreign students offer a range of possible reasons why they might struggle in the Chinese market. However, the most common reason students give is the fierce competition. Official statistics show 7.95 million university students graduated in 2017. In Beijing alone, more than 230,000 graduates poured into the job market. Ossian Heulin from France, who is working toward a master's in industrial engineering and automation at Beihang University in Beijing, said the sheer weight of applications for jobs and internships at major companies mean it is hard for foreign students to stand out. Although they come across as more outgoing, self-confident and creative, they do not have much more on their Chinese counterparts than perhaps fluency in another language, the 23-year-old said. \"Chinese now have most of the skills needed for any part-time job, and the government is welcoming elite workers, those who actually bring high value you can't find in China, so young professionals who are just studying and don't have any expertise do not generate much interest,\" he added. Universities do offer career advice and other support for international students, but services are far more limited compared with those for Chinese, while the language barrier remains a big hurdle for job seekers. \"I think the willingness of universities to help international students still needs to be improved,\" Heulin said. \"It's a need that is being felt by all the people I know and have worked with.\",To build his skill set and boost his chances of attracting Chinese recruiters, Heulin started volunteering and has become involved in Beijing's burgeoning startup community. He's now chief innovation officer for Planitworld, a startup dedicated to solving the problems caused by urban waste, and director of Startup Grind University Beijing, which fosters entrepreneurship and helps students understand and seize opportunities in the Chinese market. Both positions are unpaid. He said the experience he gained in those positions quickly led to several companies offering him internships. However, he had them on hold while leading the Business development of BeHive, a nonprofit group that organizes gatherings, workshops and lectures around Beijing for international students looking for work in China. Like Heulin, co-founders Petros Djakouris and Costas Georgiou, two postgraduate students from Cyprus, have been in the same position as the people they aim to assist: They came to China to study, fell in love with the place, and wanted to stay. But they had no idea how to look for work or what the visa requirements were. They went to a career services center for advice, but everything was in Chinese, said Georgiou, 27. \"So we decided that with no one giving us the answer, we could organize a community like BeHive so that we could help each other,\" he said. Georgiou and Djakouris, who both previously studied in the United Kingdom, completed an intensive Mandarin course at UIBE in 2017. Georgiou then joined an international talent program operated by HNA Capital, the Chinese conglomerate, before starting at a law firm, while Djakouris, 26, now does marketing for a technology company. Using the BeHive platform, which was launched in March 2017, they have organized 25 workshops focusing on topics including networking, interviews, intercultural communication and presentation skills. They have also partnered with other organizations and invited professionals, usually experts in presentation and leadership, to give speeches. Professional trainer and consultant Malcolm Nerva has been working with BeHive almost since the beginning and has offered many insights on job hunting. In June, the group organized a self-awareness workshop facilitated by Nerva, pointing out ways to discover one's strengths and weakness through personality assessments. The event took place at Tsinghua University's Schwarzman College and attracted more than 150 people. Past guest speakers have included Andrew Shirman, CEO and founder of the NGO Education in Sight, and Alex Weber, a corporate trainer who has worked for Audi, Lenovo, JD and UNICEF. \"They train students for free because they believe in our vision and they can see the lack of career support for students, especially in Beijing,\" Djakouris said, adding that BeHive has helped over 1,000 students, equipping them with the professional skills needed to find employment. The group is now made up of 30 unpaid volunteers, from countries including China, Russia, Greece, Italy, Kazakhstan and Iran. The plan was to take BeHive beyond simply training job seekers and create a space where people can make friends, have fun and enjoy events, according to its founders. They are inviting more Chinese students to share the resources and hope to team up with job fairs and build closer links with university career centers. In August, the Ministry of Education told China Daily the government had decided to lift its nationwide ban on international students finding paid part-time work. Since 2000, foreign students had only been allowed to get unpaid jobs and internships. The move came after Shanghai and Beijing relaxed local regulations to encourage students to start their career or business in China. Shanghai introduced a pilot program in 2015 that enabled foreign students to launch businesses in the city's Zhangjiang National Innovation Demonstration Zone for up to two years after graduation. The Ministry of Public Security also released a policy in 2016 that cleared the way for foreign students to get paid part-time work or launch a startup at Zhongguancun Science Park, the so-called Silicon Valley of Beijing. Last year, the central government announced that students with postgraduate degrees and those from \"prestigious\" universities can now obtain work permits immediately after graduation, instead of having to wait a minimum of two years. Zhang Shujun, head of Tianjin University Press, and Feng Baoping, a lecturer at Tianjin University's School of International Education, said in a research paper published in 2014 that allowing foreign students to work is in line with the development of society and will help them become more independent. \"It will not only ease their financial burden and improve their understanding of Chinese society, but it will also help them accumulate work experience and strengthen their comprehensive capabilities,\" the paper said, adding that off-campus work experience should be included in Chinese university programs. Heulin said the new policies will be warmly welcomed by international students, as they will allow them to make money while gaining knowledge. \"They are very valuable policies and hopefully they will work out,\" he said.", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "BEIJING -- China will bring more win-win results by expanding its opening-up and enhance support to foreign investors, an official said Saturday. China believes in making the economic pie bigger and sharing it better through openness and cooperation, instead of pursuing a \"zero sum\" game, Han Wenxiu, an official of the Central Financial and Economic Affairs Commission, said at the ongoing 20th China Development Forum. China will pursue sustained progress in the Belt and Road Initiative under the commitment to achieving shared benefits through extensive consultation and joint contribution, and have more partners join and benefit from its development, Han said. It will also create more opportunities and platforms for trilateral and multi-party cooperation for more win-win outcomes, he said. The country will continue to shorten the negative-list to open up more sectors and ensure national treatment for foreign investors, and will step up legal protection of intellectual property rights and punishment for infringements, he said. The country will accelerate making relevant rules for the foreign investment law, level the playing field for foreign and domestic enterprises, and take on the issues of balance and structure in foreign trade, Han said. Higher-level opening-up will promote China's economic structural reform and high-quality development, he said, adding that the country will turn external pressure into internal strength. The three-day China Development Forum, which kicked off Saturday, will focus on key issues such as the supply-side structural reform, new measures of proactive fiscal policy, and the opening-up of the financial sector and financial stability. More than 50 officials from the Chinese central government's departments and over 150 overseas delegates will participate in the forum, including 96 executives from the world's leading companies and nearly 30 globally well-known scholars.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "The world's first high-field magnetic resonance-guided linear accelerator\u00a3\u00ada new radiation therapy system that can locate tumors precisely, tailor the shape of X-ray beams in real time, and adapt radiation doses even to moving tumors while a patient is being treated\u00a3\u00adwill make its debut at the upcoming first China International Import Expo. The machine, called Elekta Unity, developed by Stockholm-headquartered cancer care device and solution company Elekta, combines an MRI scanner and the linear accelerator radiation therapeutic technology in a single system, which used to be considered nearly impossible, because powerful MRI magnets could interfere with radiation beams. Elekta President and CEO Richard Hausmann said the Shanghai expo is an ideal opportunity for the company to showcase its groundbreaking technologies, further enhance its brand image as a global leader in precision and personalized cancer treatment sector, and reaffirm its commitment to China. \"The machine uses highly precise radiation to kill cancer through a non-invasive surgical approach. We will exhibit the machine and other products at the CIIE, because we want to showcase our innovation capabilities in cancer care at this important expo in China,\" said Hausmann. \"We come from Sweden, a small country which always has to export and do international trade because the local market is very small ... We support all the efforts of the Chinese government and the country to keep this free trade moving, in both ways ... in and out. We want to strengthen our cooperation with local companies in various fields on research and development for the future.\" The company is planning to take a huge booth of more than 200 square meters at the expo and will man it with technicians, and marketing and sales professionals. The Chinese market is very important for the company, Hausmann said, adding that the company is a market leader in China, but still expects an even stronger presence, because Chinese hospitals develop fast, and device standards are increasing rapidly. The machine will be very appealing to the fast-growing precision and personalized cancer care market in China, because it can deliver doses of radiation more precisely and effectively, and reduce the number of treatment sessions, on the basis of its clear and real-time visualization of tumors and healthy tissues, especially when tumors happen in the brain, spine and abdomen, and because other medical imaging methods, such as CT scans, cannot deliver clear pictures distinguishing tumors and healthy soft-tissues, according to Hausmann. Besides, Elekta's largest manufacturing base outside Europe is China. It also has a global research and development center and an Asia-Pacific training center in Beijing. The core component of the machine, the linac, is co-designed and produced in China, which is another reason the company wants to exhibit it at the expo, said Hausmann. Currently, the company holds a 55 percent share of the imported radiation medical device market in China, and accounts for 45 percent of the overall radiation device market, said Gong Anming, executive vice-president and China CEO of Elekta. Five of the machines will be used in clinical trials on the Chinese mainland, by some top hospitals in Beijing, Shanghai, and Guangdong, Sichuan and Shandong provinces, while global orders for either clinical trials or commercial use total 40, including two for Hong Kong, according to Gong. The company expects Chinese patients will be able to receive radiation treatment delivered by the machine in 2020.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "China Communications Construction Co, the country's largest provider of transportation infrastructure projects by contract value, will adopt varied models in global markets from infrastructure projects to industrial parks and property development in order to maintain robust growth, said a senior executive. Li Maohui, assistant president of CCCC, said the company would make use of different investment models including public-private partnership, build-operate-transfer, equity participation, and mergers and acquisitions, to further compete with its established rivals in Spain and Germany, The Beijing-headquartered group will seek alliances with capable foreign companies familiar with the local business environment in overseas markets, Li said. He made the remarks during an Open Day event the group had organized this month to introduce its big-ticket projects such as the Mombasa-Nairobi Standard Gauge Railway in Kenya and the Hong Kong-Zhuhai-Macao Bridge, in Shantou and Guangzhou in Guangdong province. Supported in different business segments by over 60 subsidiaries such as China Road and Bridge Corp and CCCC Investment Co, CCCC has set up more than 240 branches, research institutes and service hubs in 118 countries and regions. The group has signed overseas contracts worth $170 billion over the past five years. While local economies have benefited from these projects, particularly those related to the Belt and Road Initiative, the company has also enriched its overseas experience in areas such as foreign staff training, and project and risk management, said Li. He said China's new round of reform and opening-up policies, and high-standard international trade platforms such as the China International Import Expo will build a comprehensive platform for Chinese companies to expand cooperation with global companies in areas from equipment procurement to production capacity cooperation in third-party markets, especially in Southeast Asia, the Middle East and Latin America. Eager to enhance its market presence in the Americas, CCCC and its subsidiary China Harbor Engineering Co jointly won the bid for the fourth bridge over the Panama Canal with a contract price of $1.42 billion in July. The project will not only be one of the most important engineering programs in Panama and Central America in the next few years but also the biggest bridge project that a Chinese company has won a bid for in the Americas. The fourth bridge - a road-rail bridge - over the Panama Canal will be 510 meters long, 51 meters wide and 75 meters high. Chinese companies have played an important role in driving globalization and contributing to global economic recovery through pushing for free trade, infrastructure development and other forms of investment activities, said Cai Fengxiang, general manager of CCCC Investment. Li Jin, chief researcher at the China Enterprise Research Institute, said the tangible development of the Belt and Road Initiative is critical for Chinese companies and others. For example, the Silk Road Economic Belt starts in China and ends in Europe, and every country between those points is involved. That means the initiative is important for businesses in all destination countries and regions. CCCC is engaged in the design and construction of transportation infrastructure, dredging and heavy machinery manufacturing businesses. Its business scope includes terminals, roads, bridges, railways, tunnels, container cranes, heavy marine machinery, large steel structure and road machinery manufacturing, as well as international project contracting, and import and export trading services.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Journalists from home and abroad covering the upcoming annual two sessions of China's top legislative and political advisory bodies will have better network and technological services available, including a 5G network at a media center that opened on Wednesday. The two sessions - one of the biggest political events of the year in the country - usually attract thousands of reporters from domestic and overseas media as they offer a good chance for media to get a glimpse into China's overall development. The Second Session of the 13th National Committee of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference will open on Sunday in Beijing, and the Second Session of the 13th National People's Congress will kick off on Tuesday. National lawmakers and political advisers, about 5,000 in total, will review the annual work reports of the central government, the top court and top procuratorate, the country's social and economic development plan and the budget. This year, the NPC will also review a draft foreign investment law. During the sessions, the media center - located at Beijing's Media Center Hotel in Haidian district - will hold a series of news conferences on topics of major public concern. Senior officials in charge of different sectors will come to meet the media. On Wednesday afternoon, more than 20 free public computers were available for use on the first floor of the media center, and free Wi-Fi was also provided. \"A 5G network will be provided for journalists for the first time during the sessions,\" said a China Unicom technician responsible for the network service at the center. \"We hope a faster and safer online environment will better help journalists,\" he added. Also on Wednesday, the 5G signal started to cover Tian'anmen Square in downtown Beijing. China Unicom took the lead in realizing full coverage of the square's 5G signal, and the 5G stations can provide high-definition news coverage of the two sessions, according to Beijing Youth Daily. Besides the network services, journalists can also enjoy tea break services and conduct interviews in the media center's lobby on the first floor. ", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "  The 4th \"Romantic Autumn\" French Culture Festival is now on in Beijing with a series of activities. The festival is hosted by the Beijing French Alliance, a French training provider that aims at promoting the language and French culture in China. At its opening on Thursday, Thierry Lasserre, the director of Beijing French Alliance, said that the festival is a great chance to showcase French culture comprehensively and to promote cultural exchanges between France and China. The festival, which will run through Dec 18, will include jazz concerts, workshops for children, piano concerts, \"Marsupilami\" comic workshops and a Christmas bazar. French pianist Olivier de Spiegeleir will give a masterclass at the Beijing Language and Culture University on Nov 11, and stage a performance at the theater of the National Museum of China on Nov 12. The Christmas bazar will be held at the Solana Lifestyle Shopping Park in Chaoyang district.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "As the water diversion project is in full swing in Xiongan, North China's Hebei province, Li Qingshan, who is responsible for the project, makes no secret of his pride. The project, taking water from China's Yellow River to Baiyangdian Lake, the largest in the province, is one of the first to be carried out since the central authorities announced the establishment of Xiongan New Area in April 2017. \"By the end of February, the lake will receive 35 million cubic meters of water,\" Li, a senior manager at China Xiongan Group Ecological Construction Co, said, adding that the work was kicked off on Feb 1 after seven pump systems had been installed. Li and his team will start in March to complete the construction of a whole station, including a pump house. The project is one of the measures for the ecological restoration of Baiyangdian Lake in Xiongan, the largest wetland ecosystem in northern China. The water level of the lake will stand at 6.5 to 7 meters deep and its coverage will be restored to 360 square kilometers by 2035, according to a plan for Baiyangdian's ecological environment treatment and protection (2018-35), quoted by China National Radio. The plan is in line with the speech made by President Xi Jinping, during his first visit to Xiongan on Feb 23, 2017. He stressed that the lake should be well restored and protected as the development proceeds. Now, two years later, the new area has shifted its focus from preliminary plan to construction. About 100 kilometers southwest of Beijing, Xiongan New Area is scheduled to expand to 1,770 square kilometers by 2035, according to People's Daily. As an integral part of the integrated development of the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region, Beijing's noncapital functions will be transferred to Xiongan. Since its establishment, the authorities have taken the time to make a series of plans for the development of Xiongan, which is designated to have a lasting significance for many years to come. According to Lin Nianxiu, vice-minister of the National Development and Reform Commission, the blueprint for Xiongan, including development plans and supporting policies, has been completed over the past two years. In December, the central authorities approved an overall plan for Xiongan New Area (2018-35). \"This is the first year that plans for Xiongan will be implemented and the construction of key projects will be pushed ahead,\" said Wang Dongfeng, Hebei's Party secretary. China Xiongan Group, a State-owned company established in 2017 for Xiongan's development, has made about 30 bidding announcements on its website for carrying out projects since September. The projects include the construction of greenbelts, waste treatment facilities, rail transit stations, urban roads, pipe network systems, and a complex of offices and hotels. By 2022, the construction of infrastructure will be basically completed and the appearance of an urban area will be initially formed, Xinhua News Agency quoted the overall plan for Xiongan as saying. Preliminary results will also be achieved by then to transfer Beijing's noncapital functions, including universities, research institutes, medical institutions, corporate headquarters, financial institutions, and public institutions. According to Chen Gang, Party secretary of Xiongan, the new area will control the use of land by developing up to 30 percent of its area in the long term, leaving the rest as green space and water areas. \"Xiongan will be a city with intermediate density where people can have good contact with nature,\" Yang Baojun, president of China Academy of Urban Planning and Design, was quoted as saying by China National Radio.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Xiongan New Area will control the use of land by developing up to 30 percent of its area in the long run, leaving the rest for green space and water landscapes, the State Council said on Wednesday. The new area should create an inviting, ecologically healthy environment, and stronger efforts should be made to better manage and environmentally restore Baiyang Lake in Hebei province. Procedures should be developed to replenish the lake's water and recover acreage that has been lost over the years. Rural pollution should be effectively constrained to ensure that the lake's water quality meets national standards. A national park will be built for the lake in the long term, and a large number of trees will be planted in the area. Air quality should be substantially improved so that the new area will have blue skies, green space and clean water. These goals for the new area were listed in the 14-clause overall plan (2018-35) that has been approved by the central government and was disclosed on Wednesday. The national new area, covering land of Xiongxian, Rongcheng and Anxin counties and neighboring areas between Beijing and Baoding in Hebei, was established in April 2017. Ultimately, the area will have 2,000 square kilometers of land. By the end of June 2017, the number of permanent residents of the area reached 1.04 million, and it is designed to accommodate 2 million to 2.5 million people in the future. The boundary of urban development should be strictly regulated in Xiongan, with strong protection of permanent farmlands and taking the lakes and ponds, forests, farmland and grassland as a whole ecosystem, the document said. It said Xiongan will undertake non-capital functions from Beijing in an orderly way, focusing on universities, research institutes, medical institutions, corporate headquarters, financial institutions, and public institutions. Infrastructure and public services should be improved along with the local business environment. The document aims for coordinating the development of Beijing, Tianjin and Hebei, with Xiongan to be built as one of the \"two wings\" of Beijing, along with Tongzhou district, where the Beijing municipal government is now located. The new area and the city of Zhangjiakou should be promoted as two driving engines for Hebei, seizing the opportunity of the 2022 Winter Olympic Games, which will be co-hosted by Beijing and Zhangjiakou. Hebei should perform its duties in promoting all work in Xiongan with every inch of land being cautiously planned before construction, the document added.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "A tourism milestone will be reached next year with an initiative between China and the European Union, said the chief representative of the China National Tourism Administration in the United Kingdom. China-EU Tourism Year fits well with China's aim to attract more European visitors, said Kuang Lin, who was speaking ahead of the World Travel Market, an international travel trade show running in London until Wednesday. Kuang said China has become the fourth most popular destination for tourists, drawing around 138 million visits last year, a 3.5 percent rise on the previous year. In addition to favorite cities like Beijing, Xi'an, Shanghai, Guangzhou and Guilin, Kuang said tourists are also now visiting such places as Shangri-La, cruising on the Yangtze River and traveling on the Qinghai-Tibet Railway. In 2016, more than 594,000 British tourists visited China, one of the largest groups from among European countries. \"Over the past 15 years, the market has achieved a steady growth of nearly 5 percent per year,\" said Li Gang, a professor of tourism economics at the University of Surrey. He said he believes the number of British tourists will continue to rise. James Kennell, principal lecturer in tourism at the University of Greenwich, said China is still a great unknown for potential British visitors. He suggested China's national tourism agency raises the country's tourism profile by funding television programs, and developing greater travel trade and media awareness of China through public relations efforts, paid-for-content and familiarization trips. \"Hosting large events with an international television audience and making use of celebrity endorsements is vital for a contemporary destination seeking to raise awareness in new markets,\" he said. Kuang said the administration is working closely with new media companies to keep building the brand \"Beautiful China\" and to make China a more popular travel destination. Peter Ball, a video editor from Guisborough in Northeast England, spent five days in China in 2015, during which he visited the Lijiang River in the south and took a high-speed train to Beijing, where he toured the Palace Museum, also known as the Forbidden City, and took a trip to the Great Wall. \"China is a massive country with lots of famous natural and historical sites to visit,\" he said. \"It's also a nation that is changing rapidly and has an ever-increasing role to play in the world, so that's why I wanted to visit.\"    ", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Despite witnessing a decline in the publishing industry, Thomas Brinkmann still decided to publish a series of travel guides with the Beijing Publishing Group, which formed a joint venture with the German national in 2014. Brinkmann, managing director of the Mairdumont Group, which is headquartered in Germany, has visited Beijing frequently in the past four years and believes the capital still offers potential for book readers. \"When people are reading fewer books, it becomes more important to publish high-quality works to attract them back to bookstores,\" he said. \"The need for books always exists. (For example) if you want to check the opening hours of the Eiffel Tower, you will probably find them online, but if you want to know more about it its history and stories\u00a3\u00adyou should read a book that is structured and integrated.\" Similar to Brinkmann and his company, the Beijing municipal government is working hard to attract readers back to bookstores, one of the measures taken to build the city as the nation's cultural center. The authorities have set aside 50 million yuan ($7.2 million) in subsidies for 151 bookstores to support their development, the Beijing Municipal Bureau of Press, Radio, Film and Television announced on Oct 29. In the past two years, 36 million yuan has been invested to help operations at 140 bookstores, according to the bureau. A total of 80 new bookstores have been built in Beijing since 2016, and 11 of them are open 24 hours a day. By the end of the first half of this year, there were 1,011 bookstores and 29 book malls in the capital, occupying more than 1,000 square meters, according to the municipal government. October Time Bookstore, founded by a team of seven young entrepreneurs who have just graduated from college, is one of the new outlets. It is located in Zhongguancun in Haidian district close to several universities. Its founder, Fan Yingzhi, 22, said the aim is to build the store into an energetic and strong brand in both the reading and publishing sectors. After graduating from Beijing Technology and Business University in the summer, Fan and his team began running the store with support from the Beijing Publishing Group, which offered them the initial capital. The team invested 60,000 yuan and the company covered all the other expenses of about 1 million yuan, which included rent, decoration work and facilities. The team pays 10,000 yuan a month to the company as a management fee. Fan said the store began to make a profit\u00a3\u00ad60,000 yuan\u00a3\u00adfor the first time in April. \"For a bookstore occupying 100 square meters like ours, the profit was pretty satisfying,\" he said. \"The top profit in the market for a bookstore of such a size is about 100,000 yuan a month, and a large number of the stores are losing money.\" To attract readers and remain profitable, the team tries to make the store different from others by innovating and providing various services. Coffee and food are available along with top-class tableware. The store is open round-the-clock and offers a quiet environment for students to study or prepare at night for examinations. Customers need to reserve seats at night because of the limited space, Fan said. \"Thanks to the support from the government and BPG, we can work on what we are good at. We have plenty of plans for our store, and we aim to build it into a platform for readers and publishers and combine online and offline reading in the future.\" Qu Zhong, general manager of the Beijing Publishing Group, said it is a good way for the company to allow the young team to show its strength and talent by giving it a chance. \"This attempt has drawn wide public attention and good feedback, as the operations team is very innovative. It knows its target customers, who are also young people.\" According to a guideline from the bureau, building bookstores will be included in the national economic and social development plan, with support for companies and individuals who want to open stores in commercial centers, tourist areas, on busy streets and in new residential communities. Zhang Su, deputy head of the bureau, said: \"We are not just helping out the bookstores with financial problems. Our goal is to use these policies to attract more social capital into the bookstore industry and guide existing ones to upgrade their operations.\" Beijing plans to build 16 large-scale book malls\u00a3\u00adone in each district\u00a3\u00adand 200 niche bookstores in the city by 2020. \"The malls will become cultural experience centers for the public. They will not only sell books but also host lectures, charity activities and branding events,\" Zhang said.,Beijing is not just providing more and better bookstores for the public, it is making great efforts to offer improved content and a better literary environment. Last month, Du Feijin, a member of the Standing Committee of the Beijing Committee of the Communist Party of China, said at the opening ceremony of the third October Literature Month, \"Creating the best work is at the writers' core.\" In recent years, Beijing has supported authors by setting up a special cultural fund to help them produce high-quality works, of which several have won national literature awards, Du said. Based on this, the Beijing government plans to set up two more funds\u00a3\u00adthe October Literature Fund and the Network Literature Development Fund\u00a3\u00adto guide and promote the integrated development of both serious and online literature, he added. \"Meanwhile, the municipal government is facilitating the strategic cooperation between Beijing's cultural brand\u00a3\u00adOctober Literature\u00a3\u00adand the Alibaba Group, which will bring social and private investment into literary creation,\" he said. \"We've been working to keep Beijing's literary world lively and fresh.\" In October 2016, the October Literature Academy was formed at Yongding, a park in the south of the city, and the first October Literature Month was held. In October last year, when the second literature month was held, the authorities, together with the Beijing Publishing Group, many bookstores and related groups held dozens of events such as literary forums, lectures, poetry readings, meetings between writers and readers, and book shows, which attracted more than 500,000 people. Online and offline activities involved more than 190 million people, according to the municipal government. Since then, \"October\", as the name of both the month and a magazine that has been published in Beijing for more than 40 years, has become a strong literary theme for cultural life in the capital. Last year, Zhang Luyi, a 10-year-old primary school student, attended a lecture at the academy given by A Lai, chairman of the Writers Association of Sichuan province, on the novel One Hundred Years of Solitude, by the Colombian author Gabriel Garcia Marquez. The boy quizzed A Lai during a question-and-answer session after the lecture, saying that his parents took him to such lectures regularly and he had read the book twice, gaining much inspiration from it. A Lai and other adults at the lecture were surprised that the boy had read this book at such an age, but the youngster said he loved reading and the city had provided him with many places to do so and with many reading activities since he started to learn Chinese characters. \"In the Chaoyang district library in my community, there are rooms especially for children to read books that are selected by the staff members, and the library holds a group book-reading session twice a day for children,\" the boy said.,Dong Jinxian, 58, who is retired and who sometimes attends lectures at the October Literature Academy, said she did not go to college when she was young and never thought there would be a chance to meet with well-known writers and listen to them share their views on literature. \"My daughter took me there for the first time and we listened to a lecture titled Dream of the Red Chamber given by Li Jingze, vice-chairman of the Chinese Writers Association,\" she said. \"I love the stories in that book (written by Cao Xueqin), but I didn't know there were so many interesting reading angles and anecdotes about it. The lecture was a fun and fruitful time for me. When I have the time, I like to spend it at the academy.\" The institute has held 11 lectures on world-level literary works given by well-known writers or critics. It also stages various cultural activities. Li said during a literary forum last month: \"Literature is not just the writers' world. It's also a world for readers. \"Literature is not just about creation. It matters more about entering public life, the readers, the people, which will decide a nation's future. Beijing, as capital of the country, has accumulated rich and precious experience on this.\" He added that the city is the cradle of China's modern literature. The capital and the writers living in it have been leading the way in terms of China's literary fashion, style and direction, he said. \"Thus, Beijing has its responsibility to the nation's literary development, which is destined to have a deep influence on the whole country.\"", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Shanghai topped the rankings of cities by its number of digital talents, according to a report released by the Center for Internet Development and Governance of Tsinghua University and LinkedIn China, a US-based networking website. Shanghai had 122,000 people with skills in the digital economy, accounting for nearly 17 percent of the national total, followed by Beijing, Shenzhen and Guangzhou. Hangzhou, where the e-commerce behemoth Alibaba is headquartered, took the fifth place, while it surpassed Beijing in respect to the net inflow of digital talents. Though relatively lower in the number of digital talents, five other second-tier cities showed rapid growth in the digital economy. Here's the full list of the top 10 cities with the most digital talents. No 10 Xi'an No 1 ShanghaiNo 9 WuhanNo 8 NanjingNo 7 SuzhouNo 6 ChengduNo 5 Hangzhou No 4 Guangzhou No 3 Shenzhen No 2 Beijing  ", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Border control authorities across the country have been told to ensure enough officers are on duty to deal with the travel rush during the upcoming Spring Festival holiday and further increase efficiency to handle surging numbers of travelers. Chinese ports are expected to receive an average of 1.77 million visits from travelers exiting and entering the country every day during the holiday, up by 8.9 percent from last year's holiday, the National Immigration Administration said on Friday. The Spring Festival holiday is from Monday to Feb 10 this year. Border control authorities should open additional inspection queues during peak times to ensure Chinese travelers can pass through border controls within 30 minutes, including waiting time, the administration said. Efficiency in dealing with foreign travelers should be improved as well. Spring Festival is a traditional time for Chinese people to return home for family reunions. Many people also make overseas trips for sightseeing during the seven-day holiday. Airbnb's latest outlook for the Lunar New Year shows that travelers from the Chinese mainland are expected to visit 1,048 cities in 111 countries and regions during this year's festival. The online travel agency Ctrip estimated that about 7 million Chinese will head overseas this year to more than 90 countries and regions. The most popular destination is Thailand, followed by Japan and Indonesia. Peak passenger flows out of the country through major airports such as those in Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou and Chengdu are forecast to fall on Monday and Wednesday, and the peak flow entering the country may occur on Feb 9 and 10, according to the National Immigration Administration. Border authorities at the land ports connecting the Chinese mainland with Hong Kong and Macao are preparing for a travel rush from Thursday to Feb 9. Beijing border control authorities decided to temporarily divert travelers landing at Beijing Capital International Airport by guiding them to the east or west side of the arrival hall during the Spring Festival travel rush, Xinhua News Agency reported. Beijing border authorities have also installed more facial recognition cameras with better lighting systems and placed fingerprint registration devices in a more convenient location at self-service kiosks so people can pass inspections faster. Travelers are expected to go through border controls in Beijing 1 million times between Jan 29 and Feb 10. Beijing border control authorities will publish daily forecasts of exit and entry volumes through traditional and social media outlets. Luohu, a major port in Shenzhen for travel to and from Hong Kong, is expected to see an average of 273,000 visits during the Spring Festival holiday on a daily basis, according to the administration.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "China's dance scene mourns performing arts pioneer, Li Chengxiang, who passed away last week. Tributes have been pouring in for Li Chengxiang, a renowned Chinese dancer-choreographer, who died at the age of 87 on Dec 14 after a long illness. According to the National Ballet of China, which was headed by Li from 1984 to 1994, he was diagnosed with cancer in 2002, but his health condition worsened over the past two years. On Dec 17, Chinese ballet dancers, former colleagues and friends of Li gathered at the National Ballet of China in Beijing to mourn his passing. Ballet in China has a nearly 60-year history. Li was among the first group of Chinese ballet dancers who received training from Russian experts in the 1950s. In 1957, Li became the assistant teacher of the Beijing Dance School when Russian dancer and choreographer Pyotr Gusev was the school's artistic director. With the founding of the National Ballet of China in 1959, Li played in the first three classic ballet productions adapted by the troupe: Swan Lake, Le Corsaire (The Pirate) and Giselle. Of all his choreographic works, the best known is Red Detachment of Women, China's first original ballet production, which premiered in the capital in 1964 and in which, Li played the ruthless landlord Nan Batian. It is perhaps best known in the West as the ballet performed for former US president Richard Nixon during his visit to China in 1972.,Based on a 1961 film of the same name, which was directed by Xie Jin, it tells the story of a rural girl, Wu Qionghua, who escapes a life of slavery and joins an all-female Communist Party army battalion led by commander Hong Changqing on Hainan Island during the civil war in the early 1930s. To better understand and portray the female soldiers, Li led the composer Wu Zuqiang, choreographers Jiang Zuhui and Wang Xixian, as well as ballet dancers Bai Shuxiang, Zhong Runliang and Liu Qingtang on a trip to Hainan. \"The dancers took off their ballet shoes and put on army boots. They received strict training just like soldiers,\" says Feng Ying, a veteran ballet dancer and the director of the National Ballet of China, who has also performed the leading female role of Wu Qionghua. \"Li also incorporated the moves of Peking Opera into his choreography, which was pioneering,\" adds Zhao Ruheng, renowned ballet dancer and former director of the National Ballet of China, who took the position after Li's 10-year tenure ended in 1994.,\"Li had made great contribution to the development of Chinese ballet. He also shared his vision about art playing an important role in the life of people. The missions of developing Chinese ballet and training homegrown ballet dancers had always been on his mind.\" Feng says that Red Detachment of Women is still evolving since a new generation of ballet dancers perform the piece every year. \"We are proud that the ballet piece not only appeals to audiences in China, but is also well-received when we tour abroad,\" Feng says. \"It portrays Chinese women in powerful roles that broke with the traditional image of weak women of the time. The spirit of the story is shared by women worldwide. It's the best example of telling a Chinese story through a Western art form.\" Li, who was born in Harbin, Northeast China's Heilongjiang province, graduated from North China University, the predecessor of Renmin University of China, with a major in theater. He started working with the Central Academy of Drama as a dancer in 1954 and, that same year, he was enrolled to study ballet at the Beijing Dance School and started choreographing his original dance pieces.,Established dancer Chen Ailian began studying traditional Chinese dance in Beijing in 1952. She met Li for the first time at Beijing Dance School in 1954 when Li invited her to dance in his choreographic work, Shepherdess. \"It was the first time that I learned Tibetan dance moves and Li was inspiring to me,\" recalls Chen, 79, who was born in Shanghai and grew up in an orphanage. In 1959, under the instruction and direction of Russian experts, Yu Mei Ren (The Beautiful Mermaid) premiered in Beijing\u00a3\u00adit was the first Chinese dance drama to combine Western ballet with traditional Chinese dance moves. Li was one of the choreographers and Chen played the leading role. \"Few Chinese choreographers combined ballet and traditional Chinese dance as well as Li did then. He understood the language of the two dance forms,\" Chen says.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "  Like a skillful slalom by an Olympic skier, Beijing has made good progress preparing to host the 2022 Olympic and Paralympic Winter Games, officials said. While it has been just 18 months since the Chinese capital and co-host city Zhangjiakou, Hebei province, received the nod, full governmental support and the legacy of the 2008 Summer Games have helped with drafting major construction plans, training staff and rolling out sports promotions. \"Preparation work is on the right track and will be sped up next year,\" the Organizing Committee for the 2022 Beijing Winter Olympic and Paralympic Games said in its annual report in December. Plans call for 25 competition and noncompetition venues for 2022. Among the 12 proposed in Beijing, 11 were built for the 2008 Games. The only new permanent venue, the National Speed Skating Oval, will be built at the site of the 2008 field hockey and archery competitions. A judges' panel is assessing 12 designs for the skating venue, down from 66 submitted in an international contest in June. Ground will be broken for the winning design in April. Construction of venues will start this year and be completed by 2019. Trial events will start in 2020, organizers said. \"Reusing the 2008 legacy venues really helps Beijing 2022 stay ahead, while verifying Beijing's promise to host the Winter Olympics in a sustainable way,\" said Gui Lin, with the committee's department of planning, construction and sustainability. Construction also has begun on a high-speed railway linking downtown Beijing with Yanqing county and Zhangjiakou. Completion is set for the end of 2019. It will shorten a three-hour car ride between Beijing and Zhangjiakou to 50 minutes. The emblem for Beijing 2022 will be unveiled in the second half of 2017, with the recruitment of sponsors starting this year. The General Administration of Sport, China's top sports body, released plans in November to speed up construction of 650 skating rinks and 800 ski resorts to be built by 2022 to encourage 300 million people to participate in winter sports. After their first visit to Beijing in October, officials from the coordinating commission of the International Olympic Committee praised the host's sustainable approach, which is part of the vision of the Olympic Agenda 2020 road map. \"We are pleased with what we have learned. Beijing 2022 is off to a fast start. Initial preparations are well on track,\" said IOC Vice-President Juan Antonio Samaranch, son of the former IOC president. \"Our site visits confirmed that Beijing 2022 remains fully committed to the legacy goal of developing world-class winter sports facilities. Their success will accelerate growing participation in winter sports among the 300 million people in this region and throughout China,\" he said.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "High-speed rail passengers who were forced to stand for up to three hours after a malfunction affected services in northern China over the National Day holiday have received an apology from the rail operator, but no refund. Second-class ticket holders had to crowd the aisles and corridors on two services from Handan to Qinhuangdao, in Hebei province, and one from Handan to Tianjin last week due to the number of cars being halved. Rail operator China Railway Beijing Group, which covers the region including Beijing, Tianjin and Hebei, said in a statement on Sina Weibo on Saturday that the situation was caused by malfunctions in two engines on Thursday, which meant the number of cars had to be cut from 16 to eight on three services. The information was broadcast to passengers ahead of time at the stations, allowing them to reschedule, according to the statement. However, angry passengers who took the affected services have used social media to complain about not being offered refunds. A man surnamed Liu told China Central Television he traveled on the G6288 Handan-Tianjin service on Friday. He boarded at Shijiazhuang, the capital of Hebei, and his ticket was for car 13, but when the train arrived at the station it had only the first eight cars. \"The train crew said \u00a1\u00ad that we needed to hurry since the train was about to leave. We had to make it back to Tianjin, so we got on the train,\" he said. \"The carriages were crowded with passengers from the back eight cars, including the elderly, children and pregnant women. They had no seats and had to find their own way,\" he said, adding that the journey lasted about two hours. \"There was no explanation given to us during the whole ride, or after we got off in Tianjin.\" Liu told CCTV that only first-class and business-class passengers were offered refunds, as the price for a second-class seat is the same as for a standing ticket. A passenger on the G6284 Handan-Qinhuangdao service on Thursday wrote on Sina Weibo about a similar experience. The woman, using the name Sageram, said she also boarded in Shijiazhuang and had to stand for several hours because her ticket had been for car 14. Zhao Sanping, director of Beijing Guangheng Law Firm, said more consideration is needed in meeting the demand for high-speed rail services. \"A ticket is a contract with the railway department\u00a1\u00ad but such situations are sometimes unavoidable,\" he said. \"The railway department should send notice in advance and later make explanations to passengers.\"", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "It's difficult to picture Liang Xiaoqing, a 26-year-old Beijing girl, modeling for clothing brands that targets seniors and middle-aged customers. Recommended by a photographer, Liang entered the industry accidentally seven years ago. \"After my first photo shoot the brand sold 80,000 pieces,\" said Liang proudly. That experience gave her more visibility, and helped her get a foothold in the industry. \"Now, I can do a single shoot within one second,\" Liang said. \"Posing for camera comes naturally.\" Some days Liang shoots in eight different locations in 24 hours. She barely had any rest time during Alibaba's \"Double Eleven\" e-commerce festival last November. From 4 am to 1 am, Liang shot 400 sets of clothing on that day, almost 40 sets in one hour.,Liang's hairdresser spends one hour on her hair before each shoot. \"Styling gel ruins my hair,\" she said. \"If I quit the job one day, it won't because of lack of offers, but because of lack of hair,\" Liang joked. \"I get well paid as a model, and the trust of customers gives me sense of achievement,\" said Liang. Shooting for brands that target seniors and middle-aged customers has become a part of my life, instead of feeling bored, I find pleasure in it, she added. There are not enough models for this market segment, said Liang, as many models still look too young even after make-up. \"Many believe modeling as a profession is the exclusive domain of youth, but I am happy because modeling for older people can be a long career,\" Liang said.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "BEIJING - More than 120 graduate students at Beijing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics, known as Beihang University, began attending classes on artificial intelligence (AI) Thursday.  As China's first group of graduate students majoring in AI, they will receive joint training from both the university and AI-related companies.  The curriculum includes cognitive science, visual perception, unmanned systems and robotics. Some courses will be taught in company labs and beside production lines. Students are also required to intern and take part in project research and development for at least one year in one of the participating companies.  According to the university, 30 percent of the teachers are leading industry experts, and another 30 percent are renowned scholars. Over 90 percent of the teachers have overseas work or education experience related to AI. ", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "Beijing embraced this winter's second snowfall early Tuesday morning, with authorities issuing a yellow warning for icy roads. A larger snowfall is forecast in the next three days, the municipal meteorological bureau said. According to the bureau, it started snowing at 5:36 am in Yanqing district, the city's northwest mountainous area. It marked the second snowfall this winter in Beijing, but one that was much larger than the first snow on Feb 6, data from the bureau showed. Beijing issued a yellow warning on icy road conditions Tuesday morning, which is the lowest level in the three-tired warning system of yellow, orange and red. Most road traffic in Beijing was unaffected, but some public transport lines were suspended, including five bus lines running through the city, according to the Beijing Municipal Commission of Transport. Beijing Bus Group also launched an emergency plan to put 200 vehicles on the road and send more than 2,000 personnel to strengthen transport inspection. The city's transport authorities also reminded residents to drive slowly during peak hours on roads that easily freeze.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Beijing -- A survey showed that most Chinese children and adolescents hold a positive impression of Confucius, the China Youth Daily reported Thursday. The survey, made by the Chinese National Academy of Arts, polled 1,248 students from 12 primary schools and middle schools in Beijing and Hebei Province. Ren Hui, who is in charge of the survey, said that most respondents held positive views on both the excellent traditional Chinese culture and Confucius. They also showed a keen interest in the ancient sage, which indicates the shaping of Confucius' image is successful. More than 50 percent of the respondents said Confucius-themed videos and audio works should be serious while about 30 percent wanted more humorous works. About 10 percent of those interviewed wished to see Confucius-themed works about time travel. About 20 films, television and stage works themed on Confucius have been shown to the public over the past four decades, the survey said. The survey also revealed that adolescents have a high demand for audiovisual materials about traditional culture, and they are more likely to learn about Confucius via audiovisual works than books. About 40 percent of the respondents are most interested in stories about Confucius' life and childhood, the survey said. Ren called on arts workers to produce more innovative works about Confucius on the basis of thorough research into his experience at a young age and in consideration of children's needs.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Fifteen years after coming to China, Sony/ATV Music Publishing, the global leader in music publishing, has launched the Sony/ATV Polaris music center inside Beijing's Chaoyang Park. From June 23 to 29, more than 20 singer-songwriters and music producers from around the world gathered at the music center for the Polaris International Song Camp 2018 where they brainstormed, jammed and created original music materials. At the end of the weeklong camp, 34 original songs were born. Besides songwriting, the participants also had the opportunity to attend master classes and workshops conducted by veteran musicians from around the world, including Singaporean music producer and songwriter Lee Wei Song, Hong Kong songwriter Chan Fai-young and Beijing-based songwriter Cui Shu. \"The Polaris International music center marks a brand new and exciting start of Sony/ATV music publishing in China,\" says Guy Henderson, president of international of Sony/ATV Music Publishing, who was in Beijing to announce the opening of the music center. \"We came to China 15 years ago and through these years, we have seen the evolution of the music industry in China, from the rampant piracy of the physical market to the current exploding age of music on all kinds of digital platforms.\" Henderson says the music center will be a place that attracts and nurtures young music talents. \"With different cultural backgrounds and understanding of music, these talents will create music together and will bring out a magical chemistry,\" he adds. The music center will also provide songwriters and business partners access to potential collaborations with top music technologies, professional services and cross-boundary resources, Henderson says.,Headquartered in New York, the company was set up in 1995 as a joint venture between Sony Corporation and Michael Jackson. Sony became the sole owner of the company in 2016. Norwegian record producer and songwriter Anders Froen was among the musicians who attended the music camp in Beijing. The Grammy-nominated musician, who is also known as Mood Melodies, has been in the music industry for a decade and has worked with top artists such as Jessie J and Alan Walker. \"It's really cool to have one person in the room with a rock background and another who is a pop person. Something new keeps coming out from their collaboration. Different backgrounds spark ideas that never once existed,\" Froen says. According to Hua Shan, managing director of Sony/ATV Music Publishing China, the company first launched the song camp project in 2015 in Beijing with a goal of promoting the originality of Chinese songwriters. During that event, songwriters from different parts of the world created 22 new songs in four days. In 2016, the song camp took place in Beijing and Taipei. For 11 days, songwriters worked together for about 10 hours a day. Last year, the camp went to Tokyo and Hong Kong. In November 2017, the time when Henderson came to Beijing, he and Hua agreed to launch the music center and open it to songwriters around the world. \"In this world, a hit song can come from anywhere. We've witnessed the process of the creation of new songs. The participants may be physically exhausted but they enjoy the creative process,\" says Hua.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "  President Xi Jinping urged organizers on Friday to host an outstanding Winter Olympics in 2022 while calling for balanced development of winter sports. Xi visited the Wukesong Arena and Capital Gymnasium, venues for the Beijing 2022 Winter Olympics, to listen to briefings on preparatory work and watch the training of winter sports teams. He said the 2022 Beijing Olympics will be an iconic event and should be hosted in a sustainable, open-minded and frugal way with a lasting legacy. \"The 2022 Olympics will provide a good opportunity to develop our country and boost the national morale. The preparation and organization should follow rational planning, and we should learn from overseas expertise and use resources frugally,\" Xi said during a meeting attended by members of the organizing committee and other departments on Friday. Xi also stressed the importance of post-event use of venues and said the 2022 Olympics must be free of corruption. Beijing, host of the 2008 Summer Olympics, and Zhangjiakou, Hebei province, won the rights in 2015 to host the 2022 Winter Olympics. Beijing also will become the first city in the world to hold both winter and summer Games. Earlier on Friday, Xi talked about winter sports improvement. He also witnessed training sessions of a junior ice hockey team and the national short-track speed skating and figure skating squads at the two venues. \"Our athletes perform well in ice-based events while lagging behind in skiing events. We have to ... boost the overall level of winter sports,\" he said after meeting athletes who had just returned from the Asian Winter Games in Sapporo, Japan. As of Friday, the Chinese delegation had won 14 gold medals to stand second in the medal tally, after host Japan, in Sapporo. The games end on Sunday. China won three gold, four silver and two bronze medals, ranking 12th in the medal tally, at the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi, Russia. Xi hailed the national athletes' fighting spirit and hard work on Friday while encouraging them to compete for better international results. At the end of an ice hockey scrimmage by a group of elementary school students from Beijing, Xi shook hands with each of them while praising their skills. \"I hope some of you will make your way to the national team in the future,\" he said. There are 2,000 junior players registered with the Beijing Ice Hockey Association, reflecting the growing popularity of the sport among youth and increasing public awareness of winter sports in China after Beijing won the 2022 hosting rights. Inspired by Xi, China is rolling out a national plan to involve 300 million people in winter sports and related activities by 2022. Zhao Hongbo, head coach of the Chinese pairs figure skating team who briefed Xi on the development of the sport on Friday, said Xi's interest and instruction were inspirational. \"He listened to the briefing very carefully and asked questions. His presence motivated us greatly,\" said Zhao, who won a gold medal in figure skating with partner Shen Xue at the 2010 Vancouver Olympics.    ", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "BEIJING -- China will start building the world's brightest synchrotron radiation light source by the end of this year in Beijing, hoping to help scientists better study the structure of microscopic particles. The High Energy Photon Source (HEPS), also called \"Beijing light source\" in Chinese, is expected to produce X-rays up to 300 keV in photon energy, according to the Institute of High Energy Physics (IHEP) of Chinese Academy of Sciences (CAS), which is in charge of the development of the project. A synchrotron radiation light source is a source of electronmagnetic radiation usually produced by a storage ring. To generate light of extreme brilliance, electrons will be accelerated nearly to the speed of light in several stages and forced to travel in a closed path. Bending magnets and insertion devices in the storage ring will supply the strong magnetic fields to help convert high energy electrons into photons with high brilliance. Construction of the HEPS will be finished in six and a half years and its first phase will cover about 65 hectares in Beijing's suburban Huairou district. It will consist of accelerator chains, 14 beamlines and other auxiliary facilities. The accelerator chains include a linear accelerator, a booster and a gigantic storage ring with a circumference up to about 1,360 meters. The storage ring is considered key to the generation of \"brightest light,\" as it will effectively lower the emittance down to 60 pm rad or lower, according to a scientific paper published in Chinese Physics C. The lower the emittance, the brighter the synchrotron light. \"The emittance is minimized to enable many more photons of a given direction to be concentrated on a spot per unit of time, which will determine the light brilliance,\" explained Xu Gang, the paper's first author. The X-rays produced by such a light source will help open a new door in observing and studying matter at the micrometer to nanometer level, Xu said. Scientists use different light to study different things. For example, they observe stars with radio waves, follow airplanes with microwaves, and study very small objects, like viruses, protein molecules and metal atoms, with the light that is close to the size of these particles in wavelength. \"How does a blood cell flow in a vessel? How does a scientific device at the nanometer level work? How do we inject and extract lithium ions from batteries? All the studies rely on light with extremely short wavelengths, or in other words, extremely bright light,\" said Ding Hong, a researcher in the Institute of Physics of CAS. In the future, HEPS will serve as a research platform for material science, chemical engineering, biomedicine and other fields.", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "China said on Tuesday that the health and stable development of China-US trade relations conforms to the common interests of both sides, as well as the world. Foreign Ministry spokesman Geng Shuang made the remarks at a daily news briefing after the White House said China will send officials to visit Washington next week to resume trade talks with the United States. The comments from the White House show Washington's wish to reach consensus with Beijing on trade issue and are a positive signal, Geng said. Resolving differences and handling trade frictions through equal negotiations is in line with the common interests of both sides as well as the world, he said.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Puppetry troupes from across China staged a performance in Beijing in 1955, and in the audience was the Czech artist Zdenek Sklenar, who passed away in 1986. He was enthralled by the show that centered around the Monkey King, the powerful protagonist from the 17th-century Chinese classic In the novel written by Wu Cheng'en, the Monkey King and his fellow disciples protect their master, Buddhist monk Xuanzang, on a hazardous undertaking to obtain sacred sutras. Decades since its publication, the mythological book, as well as its theater and folk adaptations, have accumulated a huge following. That April, after the puppet show, Sklenar had also watched a Peking Opera performance of the story. He drew several sketches as he enjoyed the show. Months later, Sklenar returned to Prague where he taught at the Academy of Arts, Architecture and Design. He developed the sketches he had made in China into a complete album, with 24 colorful and 80 ink illustrations, in 1961. At the time, Chinese people knew little about Sklenar's interpretation of Journey to the West.,Now, 14 pieces from this Monkey King series are on display at an ongoing exhibition at Prince Kung's Palace in Beijing. The exhibition is dedicated to Sklenar's drawings and lithographs from the 1930s to the '80s, and the exhibits are from the collection of the Zdenek Sklenar Gallery in Prague. Sklenar's art made its China debut in 2009, when a retrospective exhibition was held at the National Art Museum of China, where the Monkey King illustrations were also shown. They were also part of the Czech national pavilion during the 2010 Shanghai Expo. The Chinese audience, which is familiar with the figures and scenarios of Journey to the West, has found Sklenar's graffiti-style presentation of the story appealing. Fan Di'an, who heads the Central Academy of Fine Arts, says the late artist's production embodies \"a strong modern touch\" by incorporating his impressions of Chinese culture with European visual traditions in a \"smart and innovative\" way. Fan had curated Sklenar's debut China exhibition.,One of the Monkey King's magical powers, as described in the novel, is his ability to transform into 72 creatures and objects. Sklenar's series has been hailed in China as the \"73rd transformation of the Monkey King\". But the Monkey King was not the only gain for Sklenar during his three-month stay in China in 1955. As a member of a visiting delegation from former Czechoslovakia, Sklenar participated in an expo showing the achievements of socialist society in Beijing and Shanghai. He also seized the opportunity to explore the country's artistic and cultural heritage, something he had wanted to do even as a student. In his memoir, Sklenar wrote that his professor, Karel Sourek, had ignited his interest in Chinese culture and suggested that he buy two books on Chinese art history, which cost him the bulk of his monthly living expenses back then. And while the books hit Sklenar's wallet, he wrote, they gave him much pleasure throughout his life.,He kept a diary recording his travels in China, put together with many sketches of the landscapes he saw. These texts and drawings inspired his creation of lithographs themed on China in the late 1950s, and some from this series of prints are also on show at the ongoing Beijing exhibition. Lucie Olivova, an associate professor of Chinese studies at Masaryk University in the Czech Republic, says the artist beautifully drew Beihai Park, his most-visited place in Beijing, and the streets with antiques stores in neighborhoods such as Liulichang and Longfusi. Olivova has studied Sklenar's diary. Sklenar drew whatever he found interesting, such as the decorative patterns on palace pillars, window frames and lamps when visiting the Forbidden City-he went there at least three times-as well as the shapes of rice fields he saw from flights and the napkins folded like blossoms in glass cups when he ate at restaurants. Olivova says Sklenar studied Chinese pictorial elements for years, and was an early artist in Czechoslovakia to present Chinese imagery in oil paintings.,Sklenar deepened his understanding of Chinese culture by meeting literary figures in China, such as eminent painters Li Keran, Wu Zuoren, Ye Qianyu and Hua Junwu, and author and historian Guo Moruo, with whom he discussed the inscriptions of Chinese characters on ancient bronze ware. Sklenar enriched his own collection by buying antique pieces, Buddhist statues and paintings by Li and Qi Baishi, a master of classic Chinese art who was 92 at the time of Sklenar's visit. Qi held a red walking stick, wore clothes in the colors of grapes and a black hat, and had a mole under his left eye, Sklenar later wrote of his encounter with the Chinese painter. Sklenar also visited prominent painter Lin Fengmian's studio in Shanghai and purchased three paintings on behalf of the National Gallery in Prague. The fragmented sentences and drawings in Sklenar's diary allow people today to picture a passing world that is extraordinary, Olivova says, and his Chinese series glitters in the context of modern Czech art. \"I've fulfilled the dream,\" Sklenar once said about his China trip. 8 am-5 pm, daily, through Sunday. Anshan Hall, Prince Kung's Palace, 17 Qianhai Xijie, Xicheng district. Beijing. 010-8328-8149.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "BEIJING -- The 2019 Olympic Expo opened at the Palace Museum in Beijing with the magnificent Forbidden City as its stage. Speaking at the opening ceremony, Yu Zaiqing, vice president of the International Olympic Committee and chairman of the Samaranch Sports Development Foundation, said that the Olympic Expo has always been a wonderful Olympic cultural experience and made a great contribution to the promotion and dissemination of the Olympic spirit. \"With the theme of 'Extreme Creation', the 2019 Olympic Expo focuses on the glory and splendid civilization of the modern Olympic Games. Through the interpretation of the Olympic history, more people will be attracted to participate in and experience the splendor of the Olympic Games,\" Yu said. This year's Olympic Expo is divided into five exhibitions, featuring thousands of pieces, including Olympic posters, torches, medals, sculptures and other expressions of art. Also on display are paintings created by the children from across China. The 2019 Olympic Expo is co-sponsored by the IOC and the Samaranch Sports Development Foundation. From now until May 10, 2019, visitors can buy tickets to the Palace Museum and visit the Olympic Expo free of charge.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "BEIJING - Senior leaders of the Communist Party of China (CPC) on Thursday stressed efforts to build Xiongan New Area into a \"high-quality modern socialist city.\" Xi Jinping, general secretary of the CPC Central Committee, presided over the meeting attended by members of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee. The area, established in April 2017, is a new economic zone about 100 kilometers southwest of Beijing in Hebei province. It is the third new area of national significance after the Shenzhen Special Economic Zone and the Shanghai Pudong New Area. CPC leaders agreed that building the new area is a \"historic project\" after hearing a report about the progress on a development plan for Xiongan. The new area is significant for helping phase out some non-capital functions from Beijing, exploring a new model of development in densely populated areas, restructuring the layout of the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region, promoting high-quality development, and creating a new engine for the modernized economy, according to a statement released after the meeting. Designing of the new area plan has made important progress on the basis of thorough investigation, feedback from different parties, and revisions and improvements, said the statement. The planning and building of Xiongan New Area should feature a global perspective and an international standard with Chinese characteristics, making it a national model in promoting high-quality development, it said. The meeting also stressed a reasonable layout for the city, with innovation in accordance with the regional culture and landscape. Efforts should be made to build a digital and intelligent city, with an emphasis on green development, according to the statement. A string of national innovative platforms and efficient transportation networks should be created in the area, it said. Measures should be taken to support Xiongan in accelerating reform and opening up, while a number of major projects should be launched at an appropriate time, it said.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Market research company IDC China revealed its 10 predictions for the information and communications technology market in the world in general and in China specifically on Nov 13 in Beijing. Let us take a look at these projections. No 10 Quantum Computing will enter into commercialization.  By 2021, businesses will begin to enjoy the power of quantum computing through cloud services and as computing enters into the quantum era, the global quantum computing market is to exceed $10 billion by 2027, according to IDC China. By 2021, over half of global GDP will derive from the digital economy, with the figure expected to reach 55 percent in China, said IDC China.   By 2020, 25 percent of global field service technicians (20 percent for China) and over 25 percent of global information workers (20 percent for China) will use augmented reality, IDC China said. It added that nearly 50 percent of new global mobile applications (30 percent for China) will use voice as their primary interface and 50 percent of the world's top 2,000 consumer-facing enterprises (in China, 30 percent among top 1,000) will use biometric sensors to provide customers with personalized experiences.,  By 2019, 40 percent of the world's digital transformation initiatives will employ AI technology and by 2021, 75 percent of commercial enterprise applications will adopt AI, more than 90 percent of consumers will interact with customer support robots, and over 50 percent of new industrial robots will leverage AI, said IDC China. The research company added that In China, AI adoption will see equivalent or more momentum in public services, commercial applications, consumer engagements, and smart homes, given the favorable government policy and fiscal support.,  IDC China predicted that China's IT security market will be further accelerated by the government's enhanced cybersecurity policy development.,  By 2021, at least 20 percent of China's top 1,000 enterprises will adopt blockchain services for their digital trust cases on a large scale, according to IDC China. By 2020, China will see 20 percent of its banks, 30 percent of its supply chains, and 10 percent of its healthcare institutes fully embrace blockchain networks in their operations, the research company added.,  By 2021, global enterprises will spend over $530 billion in cloud services and cloud-enabling hardware, software and services ($30 billion in China), doubling the current spending level, said IDC China Specifically, in China, Cloud Computing 2.0 will accelerate the commercialization of 5G, it added., By 2020, 60 percent of global enterprises will design and deploy their own digital transformation platforms to develop and manage core IP and data as essential IT platform tools, with integrations to various cloud platforms, industry resources, data sources, development communities, partners and customers, while in China, 40 percent of enterprises will embark on this journey, according to IDC China.  By 2021, over half of the world's top 2,000 enterprises will see on average one third of their digital service interactions come through their open API ecosystems, giving rise to a growth momentum that is far stronger than their own client-interaction capacity and this is particularly true for the Chinese market, said IDC China., By 2020, over 70 percent of China's top 1,000 enterprises will explore and implement cross-industry expansion and cooperation with the help of IT platforms and technology enablers, driving toward their business transformation, innovation and growth, said IDC China. Over 60 percent of start-ups will apply technology advancements to enter traditional industries, practicing new business models and sharing rewards of the digital economy, according to this research company. It added that 60percent of global CIOs (and 50 percent CIOs in China) will step up as tech-savvy leaders of their enterprises' digital businesses, winning through the organization transformations. By 2020, China's top 500 enterprises will derive over 30 percent of total revenues from overseas business, according to IDC China.  It added that China's bullet train, ultra-high voltage power transmission, online shopping, mobile payment, robotics, semiconductor chips, biomedicine, aerospace and internet of things industries will continue to penetrate global markets, especially in countries involved in the Belt and Road Initiative while policies and business models related to Internet Plus, big data, artificial intelligence and consumption upgrade will also influence the world at a large scale.", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "SAN FRANCISCO - Despite trade disputes, the United States and China have more areas of common concern, engagement and partnership than areas of disagreement, said Gary Locke, former US ambassador to China. The disagreements on trade are significant, but the two countries are working on \"many other areas of cooperation and trust,\" Locke told Xinhua on the sidelines of the annual conference of a prominent Chinese American group, the Committee of 100 (C100), over the weekend. \"The United States and China are actually working very closely together on many, many other issues, on scientific research, on medical research, fighting global terrorism, and stopping piracy off the coast of Africa,\" he said. Their cooperation also covers the Iran nuclear issue and the Korean Peninsula nuclear issue, said Locke, who was also former governor of US state of Washington and former US Secretary of Commerce. \"Even though the United States and China have always had disagreements, we've always been able to move forward and continue the partnership and engagement in other issues, people-to-people exchange, scientific exchange, working on climate change, fighting global terrorism, even having cooperation on our militaries,\" he said. \"So we just need to focus on the areas of common interest, common goals, and try to minimize the areas of disagreement and where we do have disagreement, we need to continue to find ways to solve and reach a resolution,\" he said. Speaking of bilateral economic relationship, Locke told an audience of more than 500 leaders and experts in government, business, technology, academia, and media attending the two-day C100 conference that the two countries are increasingly economically interdependent since China's opening-up. \"Today, roughly $1.5 billion of goods and services flow between our two countries every single day,\" he said in a keynote speech on Saturday. \"China is our largest export market outside of North America, with exports to China growing at twice the rate as exports to the rest of the world, and America is China's largest export market exceeding exports to all of the EU countries combined.\" \"More than 900,000 American jobs depend on producing goods and services exported to China and more than 2.6 million jobs in the US and many, many millions more in China depend on two-way trade between our two countries, so people in both countries are benefiting from this deepening economic integration,\" he added. As for the trade disputes between the two countries, Locke told Xinhua that he was glad that the two countries will have further consultations after the trade talks in Beijing. \"I don't think it was realistic to expect that in their first time meeting that they could reach an agreement. The issues are too difficult, too complex and many more meetings will be required,\" the former ambassador said. Locke said even though the United States has serious concerns about some of the trade and economic policies of China, \"I don't agree with using tariffs as a way to seek changes in other countries. We don't need to start a trade war.\" \"A trade war is bad for both countries. There are no winners. Everybody loses especially the workers, consumers and companies,\" he added.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "The Buddhist Association of China called for stronger Buddhist ethics and resistance to the commercialization of Buddhism, at the conclusion of its council meeting in Beijing on Wednesday. \"Religious ethics have been, and still are, the fundamental issue of Buddhism,\" a release from the conference said. It called on Buddhist communities to correct the weakening of belief, slack discipline, arrogance and chasing fame and luxury. The conference accepted the resignation of Master Xuecheng as president of the Buddhist Association of China and appointed Master Yanjue, currently vice-president of the association, to temporarily take charge. Master Xuecheng, who is abbot of Longquan Temple in Beijing, is under investigation by the State Administration for Religious Affairs after being accused in a 95-page report late last month of various violations, including sexual harassment of nuns and financial irregularities. He has denied the allegations and posted a statement on his Sina Weibo account saying they stemmed from \"fabricated material\" and \"distorted facts\". The conference also concluded that it was necessary to integrate the traditional monastery system and the management methods of modern social organizations, and to conduct financial and construction activities legally. Buddhist communities have been told to resist the commercialization of the religion, which has disrupted Buddhist activities, damaged its image and undermined the social atmosphere, the association found. Buddhist communities nationwide should understand the dangers of commercialization, it found, and should resist the illegal construction of large-scale open-air Buddhist statues. They should also avoid private investment to contract and operate temples, and not raise money in the name of Buddhism. They should safeguard the rights of Buddhism under the law and promote its healthy development, it said. wangkeju@chinadaily.com.cn", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "A degree from a university overseas was once regarded as the calling card for better employment opportunities. However, graduates returning to China are now realizing that studying abroad no longer guarantees a well-paid job. Many are disappointed with the relatively low salaries and less competitive positions they are being offered as a result of the rising numbers of returnees and a surge in graduates from domestic institutions in recent years. The bad news for them is that competition is set to become even more cutthroat because China's universities are expected to produce a record 8.2 million graduates this year, according to the Ministry of Education. A recent report released by the Center for China and Globalization, a think tank in Beijing, shows that about 45 percent of graduate returnees are earning less than 6,000 yuan ($945) a month, while 23 percent make between 6,000 and 8,000 yuan. The salaries are chicken feed compared with the high cost of overseas study, which has risen to an average 300,000 yuan per annum as foreign universities look to earn extra revenue from international students, the report said. However, experts believe overseas education should not be viewed purely from the perspective of return on investment, because the experience can help students develop valuable, nonacademic skills. When Guo Shuai, 26, saw the Disney movie High School Musical as a middle school student, he became determined to study in the United States. Unlike the high-pressure, test-oriented school system with which he was familiar, the movie presented an alternative: a carefree atmosphere where students were independent and free to speak their minds, and enjoyed a wide range of social activities. So, when he graduated from Zhengzhou University in Henan province in June 2015, Guo did not hesitate to move to Fort Hays State University in Kansas to study for a master's in business administration. When he arrived, though, his rosy image of the US faded a little; the schedule at the university was much more intense than he had expected, and he found it difficult to blend in and make friends. Moreover, in addition to mid-term and final exams, set papers and tests were scheduled throughout the semester. \"I was almost fully occupied with the heavy workload at school, so I did not have much time to apply for internships,\" he said. When he returned to China, Guo found that his overseas degree did not make him stand out in the competitive job market. \"Since I had not applied for internships in the United States, the only thing that made me valuable to employers was my language skills.\" He spent more than three months unemployed before securing a job as a translator at a financial company in Shanghai, earning about 8,000 yuan a month. Jiang Yuqiong, 25, had also harbored a dream of studying abroad since childhood, looking to broaden her horizons and see the world. She also hoped that an overseas degree would give her an edge in the domestic job market. However, when she finished a master's in accounting and finance at Durham University in the United Kingdom last year, she discovered that her qualification actually made her less competitive than graduates from schools in China. She applied to the auditing departments at the \"Big Four\" accountancy firms\u00a3\u00adKPMG, PricewaterhouseCoopers, Deloitte and Ernst & Young\u00a3\u00adbut didn't receive any replies, let alone job offers. \"In my opinion, the big four prefer students with bachelor's degrees for those jobs because they can pay them less,\" she said. After spending the \"longest\" four months doubting her abilities and the value of her education, Jiang finally landed a job as a consultant at a multinational management company in Shanghai, earning more than 10,000 yuan a month.,Neither Guo nor Jiang regrets studying overseas, despite the heavy financial burden\u00a3\u00adGuo paid 400,000 yuan for his two-year program, while Jiang's 12 months of study cost 300,000 yuan\u00a3\u00adbecause they hoped the experience would help them earn decent salaries in their first jobs. However, for Liu Zeyang, overseas study came at a much higher cost. In 2013, Liu quit his studies at Wuhan University during his sophomore year, because he felt the school was not offering him the quality of education he had expected. He persuaded his parents to send him to the US to attend a pre-university language school. Following that, he moved to the University of Maryland where he majored in finance, a field his family thought would help him secure a good job. To help fund his studies, his parents sold a property they owned and gave him more than 1 million yuan. \"Knowing that my parents had sold the property, my feelings were complicated; I told myself that I must study hard to repay their sacrifice,\" the 24-year-old said. However, he was not interested in finance and found the course too demanding and stressful. \"After three semesters at the university, I applied to postpone my graduation and returned to Beijing last year.\" After he returned, Liu worked for two startups, but he quit his jobs to start a business selling healthy meals to people who want to lose weight. Xiong Bingqi, deputy director of the 21st Century Education Research Institute in Beijing, said China's economic growth and rising household incomes mean more parents are willing to send their children overseas to study. \"Going abroad to study is no longer just for the elite,\" he said. According to a survey of 6,217 people who plan to study overseas, conducted by Vision Overseas Consulting Co and Kantar Millward Brown, the students' main objectives are to broaden their horizons and gain a wide range of experience. The survey found that 73 percent of respondents plan to return to China after graduation, while 40 percent simply want to enhance their resumes. Ministry of Education data show that in 2007, only 44,000 people returned to China after studying overseas, but last year, the number had risen to 480,900. However, the number of people choosing to study abroad during the same period only rose from 144,000 to 608,400, according to the ministry. Shi Yan, of the Chivast Education International consultancy in Beijing, said more people are returning to China because they are finding it difficult to land jobs overseas and the domestic employment market is more appealing. However, she added that one of the biggest obstacles to securing a job is that they miss the prime job-seeking season. \"In China, the job-seeking season for graduates starts in October or November, which is when most employers start accepting resumes and doing interviews,\" she said. \"However, most Chinese students studying overseas will only graduate and be ready to apply for jobs in May.\" Zhao Hongxue, a senior human resources expert at Huicai International Management Consulting in Beijing, said finding a job has not been easy in recent years because of the rising number of students graduating from domestic universities. The deeper talent pool means businesses are now paying more attention to the personalities and abilities of prospective employees, regardless of academic status or family background, and irrespective of whether they are domestic students, graduates returning from overseas or expats, she said. However, overseas study still provides returnees with one advantage, according to Zhao\u00a3\u00adtheir experience tends to make them more independent and equips them with a global mindset and better communication skills, which are all important for future promotion opportunities.", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "The tourism spending power index rose for three consecutive years from 113.9 in 2017 to 115.4 in 2019, said a report jointly published by China Tourism Academy and China UMS. More tourists selected high-quality accommodation with a year-on-year growth reaching 45.3 percent in 2019. Travelers selecting high-quality accommodation were mainly male aged 35 to 44. The male dominate the list as they have more stable income and wealth, said the report. In Feb, the tourist consumption amount on food and beverage surged 43.7 percent compared with last month. The customer born in the 1980s was the main force on food and beverage spending during the holiday, followed by the post-1970s generation and the post-1990s generation. The top 10 sources of tourists in domestic tourism were Shanghai, Hangzhou, Beijing, Guangzhou, Hefei, Ningbo, Nanjing, Wuxi, Suzhou and Tianjin, with the tourists from Shanghai spending most. The report said about 50 percent tourists selected a short trip during the holiday, but the number of long trip tourists has gradually risen in nearly three years.,During this Spring Festival, Sanya and Harbin remained popular domestic tourist destinations. Moreover, Lijiang, Xiamen, Chengdu, Guangzhou, Urumchi, Changchun, Shenyang and Tianjin also ranked in the top 10. The people living in the first- and second-tier cities were main force on tourist spending, and the people's travelling demand from third- and lower- tier cities increased. According to the report, tourist spending from first- and second-tier cities accounted for 63.6 percent in the domestic sector while the number of tourist from third-tier cities such as Anqing, Lu'an and Taizhou rose rapidly, and saw a huge tourism consumption potential. Another report from online travel agency Ctrip said 57 percent travelers chose 4-6 days trip and 23 percent travelers chose 7 days or more. Ctrip's report said the average spending in outbound travelling was 7,000 yuan ($1,033), or double that of domestic travelling. China's top 10 departure cities to outbound travelling were Beijing, Shanghai, Hangzhou, Shenyang, Nanjing, Qiangdao, Guangzhou, Shenzhen, Jinan and Chengdu. Tourists from Beijing spent most during outbound travelling to nearly 9,000 yuan per trip, followed by Shanghai at around 8,500 yuan.,The 10 popular destinations for Chinese tourists were Thailand, Japan, Hong Kong, Indonesia, Vietnam, Singapore, Malaysia, Taipei, Cambodia and the Philippines. Chinese tourists to Thailand and Japan accounted for over 30 percent of the outbound travelling. Tourists from Shanghai spent most in domestic travelling at 3,416 yuan, and tourists from Beijing, Guangzhou, and Hanzhou also spent over 3,000 yuan. During this Spring Festive holiday, the young travelers aged from 25 to 34 accounted for 40.9 percent of the total travelers, a 6 percent increase from 34.8 percent in 2017. Ctrip said the post-1980s become the main force of travel during the holiday, accounting for over a quarter of the total travelers and the post-2000s accounted for 22 percent. Those over 50 preferred group tours arranged at offline travel agencies. The family trip hit the mainstream with the figure accounting for 46 percent during the holiday, and proportion of travelling with friends reached 26 percent, according to Ctrip. Tencent's report also said the post-70s, post-80s and post-90s generations accounted for 90 percent of consumption during the holiday, with the post-80s generation accounting for 40 percent, and the post-2000s generation surpassed the post-50s generation on holiday consumption.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Fourteen girls involved in bullying have agreed to take part in a five-day training course in Beijing in order to return to school. The course, organized by Tongzhou District People's Court, aims to show students who have received criminal or administrative punishment for bullying the severity of their actions and help change their behavior. The girls are all age 15 to 17 and include one who was given a suspended prison sentence of a year and   months. The court did not release further details to protect the minors' privacy. \"All of them attended military training on Monday, and they will take part in other activities during the week, such as listening to lectures and receiving psychological support,\" said Wei Dan, a judge from the court. The course runs until Friday. \"All activities are conducted under the supervision of the students' schools and their parents,\" she said. \"We hope they can learn how to communicate with others and realize the impropriety of their earlier behavior.\" Wei said attendance was voluntarily, and that teachers would review the students' performances during the week before the girls were allowed to return to school.", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "When it comes to eating out, the Chinese public is increasingly turning to branded chains. New research from the Industry Development Department of China Cuisine Association, or CCA, shows that consumers are paying growing attention to food and service quality, and consumption has become more brand-oriented than price-oriented. Nothing exemplifies this better than the serpentine queues of customers waiting patiently to enter a Western restaurant in WF Central, a high-end shopping mall in Beijing at 2 pm on any given working day. Much of that rush was centered on hungry customers wanting to enter Cafe Landmark, Jade Garden and The Cheesecake Factory, the three restaurants launched simultaneously by Hong Kong-based food and beverage company Maxim's Group in Beijing. Incidentally Maxim's is also popular for its Maxim's mooncakes. \"I have been expecting the brand to launch in Beijing for a long time. To get seated, my friends and I waited for one and a half hours. The dishes and service, which are exactly the same as we had in the United States, are worth the wait,\" said a consumer who just finished her meal at The Cheesecake Factory, an American restaurant that traces its origins to California in 1978. \"The reason why we introduced the three brands to Beijing at the same time is that we want to use the combination effect of the brands to set off a craze in the city, attracting customer loyalty,\" said Martin Lee, chief operating officer of Maxim's Caterers Ltd. The huge queues in front of The Cheesecake Factory have already proved the success of the company. The food and beverage market is continuously expanding, with branding being the biggest trend, boosting the development of the market. Driven by consumption upgrade and the rapidly evolving city construction, a growing number of international brands, such as Starbucks and Japanese ramen restaurant Ippudo, are now eyeing the local market. Companies are now laying more emphasis on building and preserving brand image, and competition in the market has evolved from competition between product categories to a full-fledged brand battle, an indication that the development of the catering industry has come to a new stage. According to the latest report by the National Bureau of Statistics, China's total retail sales of consumer goods hit 36.6 trillion yuan ($5.80 trillion) last year, with the income from catering businesses taking up 10.8 percent, which was 3.96 trillion yuan. With a 10.7-percent year-on-year growth rate, the volume of the nation's catering sector ranked just next to that of the United Kingdom. The 2017 report by the CCA also pointed out that the nation's catering income has been rising steadily year-on-year and having a positive impact on the whole consumer market. According to the report, in 2017, the catering market had an 11.3 percent contribution rate on the consumption market. According to official statistics from the provincial statistics bureaus, first-tier cities such as Beijing, Shanghai and Guangzhou crawled out of recession in the catering market. In 2017, the catering income of Beijing and Shanghai reached 102.8 billion yuan and 102.5 billion yuan, growing 7.7 percent and 7.9 percent respectively. Meanwhile, the sales revenue of Guangdong's catering industry rose 5.9 percent to 368 billion yuan, ranking first in the country. Jiang Junxian, president of the CCA, said in an interview with Xinhua that branding of food and beverages is becoming increasingly apparent. Apart from the taste, the environment, service and user experience of a restaurant have all become core competitiveness points. \"As people's living standards rise, rather than the price, they focus more on the taste, service quality and brand culture, which creates the distinctive character of a brand. This is why we have been devoted to building different unique brands,\" said Lee from Maxim's. \"We are confident about the catering market in China where tremendous growth potential lies. Therefore, we will continue to explore more characteristic brands, offering more choices for consumers of different consumption levels,\" Lee added.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "The top transport authority has urged Beijing-based Ofo, the cash-strapped bike-sharing platform, to refund customer deposits smoothly and quickly, but also called for the public to have more tolerance for the new industry. Wu Chungeng, spokesman for the Ministry of Transport, said at a news conference on Friday: \"The ministry is urging the company to smooth channels to return deposits and speed up refund procedures to protect the legitimate rights and interests of users.\" As of Friday, Ofo has received more than 11 million online applications for refunds. Thousands of angry users have lined up in clusters at the company's Beijing headquarters in recent days due to the company's stalling on deposit refunds online, eager to know whether and when they will get their deposits back. To rent shared bikes, early users were asked to pay a 99-yuan ($14) deposit fee, which was later raised to 199 yuan. The total scale of refunds will amount to more than 1 billion yuan. The ministry required Ofo to cut costs and increase profits and enhance the sustainable development ability of the company. \"The ministry will also closely follow up on the case with related departments,\" Wu added. Ofo founder Dai Wei was issued \"consumption restrictions\" by a court in Beijing on Dec 4, which means Dai has been prohibited from any high-end consumption and nonnecessities of life and work, due to the failure by him and Ofo to pay debts to logistic companies, bike manufacturers and other service providers. The items include first-class seats on a range of modes of transport, luxury hotels, real estate, renting high-end office buildings, and seats on bullet trains. But Wu also said on Friday that the rapid development of shared bikes in recent years has provided a convenient choice for the public to travel short-distances and has played a positive role in building the urban green transportation system. According to official statistics, over 10 million shared bicycles were used nationwide each day, which still shows a high demand for the industry. \"In the process of developing new business, we hope the public can treat it rationally and have more tolerance and encouragement,\" Wu said, adding that it is necessary to give them room for trial and error, so as to create a positive environment for innovation.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Seven competitive flower sections at the International Horticultural Exhibition 2019 Beijing recently began as part of the showcase of the latest achievements in floriculture at the foot of the Great Wall in the capital's northwestern Yanqing district. Nine wild peony species growing only in China were put in the stage together at the International Pavilion, one of the main pavilions at the expo. The international competition is an important part of the horticultural exhibitions and can also be used as a bridge for professionalism and a direct link to visitors. It also acts as a platform for exhibitors to show their countries' latest floriculture techniques. Expo 2019 also used potted peony flowers to design a large landscape scene to show varieties of plants. Some special peony flowers were also displayed at the event to show the achievements of peony farmers and scholars from different countries. The peony and Chinese herbaceous peony contest is the first flower competition of the seven and will last until May 20. The other six flower and plant competitions will continue until Oct 7, when the expo concludes.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "A student of Beijing's first and only middle school for children from migrant families recently secured admission at Harvard University, one of the world's most elite institutions. Duan Mengyu was accepted by the Ivy League school for its master's program in education policy, according to Beijing News. After spending three years at Dandelion School in the capital's Daxing district for lower secondary education, Duan enrolled at United World Colleges in the United Kingdom as an undergraduate in 2012. Established in 2005, the Dandelion School is a private nonprofit school dedicated to helping the offspring of migrant workers in Beijing. The president of the school, Zheng Hong, is a Harvard alumnus with a master's degree in public administration. According to a recent survey conducted by The Harvard Crimson, the school's newspaper, 46 percent of its newly admitted students come from families whose annual income exceeded $500, 000. Nearly 30 percent of the students' families have at least one member who is an alumnus, the survey showed.", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "The 20th Beijing Studies Annual Conference was held in Beijing Union University on Sept 15 to 16, marking the 20-year anniversary of the research base. More than 100 worldwide scholars, including those from South Korea and Japan, attended the conference. They shared opinions on the construction and strengthening of Beijing as the national culture center as well as the cultural connotations of the old capital city. Since its establishment in 1998, the Research Base for Beijing Studies at Beijing Union University has played a role in studying, discovering and serving Beijing, as well as publishing annual reports and blue books on Beijing's cultural protection, spatial structure optimization, and folk culture. In 2016, the center's contributions to Beijing studies propelled it into the list of the first Chinese Think Tank Index (CTTI) issued by the China Think Tank Research and Evaluation Center at Nanjing University and Think Tank Research and Release Center of Guangming Daily. Zhang Baoxiu, head of the College of Applied Arts and Science of Beijing Union University and director of the Research Base for Beijing Studies, together with Tao Xiping, honorary director of the Research Base for Beijing Studies, gave remarks on the achievements of the base over the past 20 years. The conference was co-organized by the Research Base for Beijing Studies, the Capital Museum, Beijing Union University, the editorial department of the Journal of Beijing Union University, the Association for Beijing History Studies, and the Geographical Society of Beijing.", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "BEIJING - China's growing number of bespectacled youth have caught the attention of national leaders. On Wednesday, the annual National Eye Health Day, Vice Premier Sun Chunlan ordered schools and health departments to do more to prevent shortsightedness among young people. Sun, also a member of the Political Bureau of the Communist Party of China Central Committee, said the central authorities have crafted measures to deal with this specific problem and strict enforcement at local levels is now needed. Health experts say more than 450 million Chinese suffer from shortsightedness, which occurs more often among children and junior adults. Bad reading habits and overuse of electronic devices are to blame. In Beijing alone, 58.6 percent of students in primary and middle schools suffer from poor eyesight, according to a government survey conducted two years ago. The students' eyesight deteriorates as they advance in their studies, the survey has found. A whopping 89.4 percent of senior high students were found to have eyesight problems. When visiting a primary school in central Beijing, Sun said schools should improve infrastructure to ensure a good learning environment and step up supervision to correct bad habits that harm students' eyesight. She said schools are regarded as \"the main battlefield to fight shortsightedness\" because students spend a lot of time on campus. Schools should strictly enforce the twice-a-day eye exercise routine and set aside at least one hour a day for students to do physical activities, Sun ordered. She suggested education authorities add eyesight protection to schools' performance assessments. During her visit to a community health center, Sun urged health workers to set up dossiers to monitor changes in each student's eyesight and intervene as soon as possible to prevent further deterioration, especially acute shortsightedness. \"We should create a good environment in which the government takes overall charge, departments cooperate, experts give guidance, schools educate, and families pay attention,\" Sun said. \"Let every child have a pair of bright eyes for their bright future.\"", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": " The percentage of children of young migrant parents in Beijing, Shanghai and Guangzhou who do not attend school is higher than the national average, according to a report on migrants under age 35 released by the National Population and Family Planning Commission. The commission looked at the lives of the \"floating population\" - migrants who do not acquire permanent resident permits, or hukou, in their new cities - of people younger than 35. It found that more than 60 percent of these migrants in Beijing, Shanghai and Guangzhou brought their children with them. In Beijing, 82 percent of those children ages 7 to 13 go to public schools, and in Guangzhou, 56 percent, according to the report. However, 3.5 percent of those children in Beijing do not attend school; in Shanghai, 5.1 percent and in Guangzhou, 5.3 percent. Nationwide, only 2 percent of the school-age children of the young floating population do not go to school, the report said. Zhang Yi, a demographics expert at the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, said around 75 percent of the floating population in big cities are migrants who leave rural areas to find manual jobs in cities. Zhang said most floating population children who do not go to school are from migrant laborer families, who usually live on the outskirts of big cities, where education resources are limited. \"Migrant workers often change jobs and place of residence, and this would easily cause delays in their children's schooling,\" he said. \"Some schools charge additional fees for the children of migrant families, which are beyond the families' means. This contributes to these children's comparatively high rate of non-enrollment in schools in big cities.\" Although some private schools are established in city outskirts for migrant children, Zhang said, some of these have been demolished to make way for urban renewal projects, because most of these schools are set up in deserted factories. Zhang suggested the government think twice before demolishing such schools because this is likely to increase the number of children dropping out of school. Feng Xiliang, a labor expert at the Capital University of Economics and Business in Beijing, suggested allocating more education resources to city outskirts to close the gap between those and downtown areas. \"The government should consider basing the allocation of public resources on each region's population instead of the number of hukou-holders,\" Zhang suggested. The report also said that in Beijing, the average per capita income of the young floating population is 3,280 yuan ($515) a month; in Shanghai, it's 3,000 yuan and in Guangzhou, 2,470 yuan. The national average is about 2,500 yuan. Those who hold a bachelor's or higher academic degree earn 5,650 yuan a month in Beijing; 5,760 yuan in Shanghai and 6,570 yuan in Guangzhou. The national average is 4,600 yuan. In those three cities, the proportion of the young floating population working in high-income and knowledge- or technology-intensive sectors such as finance, real estate, scientific research, education and health are much higher than the national level, said the report. In those cities, they are more likely to find jobs via the Internet, it said, while elsewhere, they generally seek help from their families, relatives and friends, it said. chenxin1@chinadaily.com.cn", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "Maxime and Lise, a young French couple,are ready to travel across China from Beijing in North to Yunnan province in Southwest on a tandem bicycle in a bid to encourage green travel.  Maxime, 26, works helping herdsmen better raise and take care of their dairy cattle, while his wife Lise, 26, is a speech-language pathologist. The two like sharing their travel stories on Facebook to advocate green travel.  \"We choose a tandem bicycle because it makes it easier to communicate with each other about beautiful landscapes we come across during the journey. Besides, bicycling is an economic and environment-friendly way of traveling in comparison to using motors, vehicles and so on,\" the couple said in a letter to a photographer.      The two said the aim of their journey is to get locals' good ideas on topics such as health, economy, biology, agriculture and politics. They said they chose to visit China because they often talked about how much of the country is very competitive in developing renewable energy resources.  \"We know China is a densely-populated country and will be the leader of the global economy in the future. We want to get a better understanding of the country and its residents. We love the country,\" they said.  ", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "  Xu Jinghong, co-chair of Summer Davos in Dalian, insists robots taking over manufacturing jobs could lead to more enriched lives for people. The chairman of Tsinghua Holdings, the technology investment arm of China's elite Beijing university, said it was important to combat fears that the so-called Fourth Industrial Revolution could lead to mass unemployment within a decade or more. \"The Fourth Industrial Revolution will eventually make people richer and when people become more affluent they have a greater need for culture and the arts,\" he said.   \"In a traditional society, you may think you have to go and work in a factory or a company. With robots, manufacturing will take care of itself,\" he added. The 54-year-old was instrumental in setting up the Tsinghua Science Park in 1994, which is now one of the largest of its kind in the world, and stressed that it was important to educate the workforce so they were prepared for new opportunities. \"Education needs to give people the skills to work in the new culture and service industries,\" Xu said. He pointed out that the aim of the forum was to send out the message that the Fourth Industrial Revolution, which is the theme of this year's event, must be inclusive and not leave people behind. \"I hope the participants exchanging ideas here can come up with suggestions as to how we can achieve inclusive growth,\" he said. Xu, who is also deputy director of the advisory board of Zhongguancun National Demonstration Zone, or China's Silicon Valley, insisted that the country's aim was not to beat other nations in a so-called technology race. Known as the Fourth Industrial Revolution, this covers the advent of artificial intelligence, the internet of things and autonomous vehicles as well as robotics. \"The question is not whether a country wants to knock anyone out of the race, but to achieve a solution for the whole of mankind to benefit,\" he said. \"As far as I know, Chinese entrepreneurs want to contribute to the development of the whole world, not to be against anyone else.\" Xu has spent his adult life at Tsinghua, starting as an undergraduate mechanical engineering student at 17 before holding a number of academic positions. He became chairman of Tsinghua Holdings, one of the biggest investors in technology companies in the country, in 2012. Under his leadership, its assets have grown more than sixfold from 58 billion yuan ($8.49 billion) to 350 billion yuan. \"The success of the investments is something I am most pleased about,\" he said. One of the criticisms of Chinese universities is that they have been able to churn out engineers but not enough people who can drive innovation.", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "Beijing courts said they would intensify efforts to protect intellectual property rights, especially trademarks, after a rise of IP-related cases over the past year. In 2018 courts across the capital filed 59,094 IP civil and administrative disputes, up 43 percent year-on-year according to statistics released by the Beijing High People's Court on Wednesday. \"Of the total, several were new-type cases or those rarely appearing in previous IP case hearings, which brought challenges to our work,\" said Yang Boyong, chief judge of the court's No 3 Civil Division. Last year, for example, Beijing IP Court handled a trademark dispute about \"DiDiDiDiDiDi\" between Tencent Technology and the Trademark Review and Adjudication Board of the State Administration for Industry and Commerce. It is the country's first case concerning sound trademarks. After the hearing, the IP court gave a verdict in favor of Tencent, ruling that the sound \"DiDiDiDiDiDi\" designed by the company could be registered as a trademark to use. \"It could be a new step for us in identifying trademarks and protecting trademark rights,\" Yang said. To more effectively safeguard trademarks, the Beijing High People's Court also issued a guideline on hearing trademark-related civil and administrative cases on Wednesday. The guideline aims to push administrations to improve efficiency in reviewing trademarks and gives more protection to legitimate trademarks by preventing people who register trademarks with \"malicious intent\". In recent years, the practice by some individuals and companies to register popular names as trademarks has disrupted the market and eroded trust according to Pan Wei, a judicial official of the high people's court. What the registrants want is to gain profit by transferring registered trademarks at a high price or ask for compensation, she said. \"To encourage trust in business and keep the market in order, the guideline clarifies registrants who cannot give a clear explanation on the use of their registered trademarks will face restrictions,\" she added. Yang said Beijing courts would further protect technological innovations by improving quality of case hearings, and increase communication with IP-related administrations by holding seminars and conducting research. \"In addition, we'll regulate behaviors of governmental departments in handling IP-related affairs by sending them judicial suggestions in a timely manner to better guide them in IP protection,\" he added.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Beijing will enhance the protection of its historical and cultural heritage as well as old town and try to restore the \"one axis, one line\" landscape, according to the cultural relics work conference of the city held recently. Beijing will restore the \"one axis, one line\" landscape, strengthen the integrated conservation of its old town, speed up the conservation of traditional looks in areas where Palace Museum, Temple of Heaven and Bell and Drum Towers are located, protect and make use of the historical scenery of \"Three Hills and Five Gardens,\" and work out plans on the protection and utilization of Great Wall culture belt, Western Hills culture belt and Grand Canal culture belt. Mayor of Beijing Cai Qi said that the rich historical and cultural heritage in Beijing should be well protected to improve its construction of Beijing as a national cultural center during an inspection and study on the protection and application for world heritage of the Central Axis of Beijing. As an important component of the old town of Beijing, Dongcheng will build six main traditional culture areas including Nanluoguxiang and the area between Dongsisantiao and Dongsibatiao and try to renovate 80 percent of its historical and cultural blocks. Xicheng will strive to vacate and renovate a batch of key historical buildings especially guild halls and former residences of celebrities registered as cultural relics. Liu Yuzhu, director of State Administration of Cultural Heritage, expressed that the State Administration of Cultural Heritage would provide more supports for cultural heritage protection within the construction regions of Beijing's sub-center and 2022 Winter Olympics as well as the establishment of cultural heritage protection projects in Beijing.    ", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Soaring housing prices are driving people out of the country's first-tier cities \u00a8C Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou and Shenzhen, a new survey shows.  The Social Survey Center of China Youth Daily recently surveyed 2,000 people, who were either currently or had previously worked or studied in first-tier cities about their plans. The survey found more than 70 percent had left or were planning to move away. About 23 percent of respondents had already left the first-tier cities and about 48 percent were planning to leave. Only 21.5 percent were not thinking about leaving, and 7.5 percent hadn't decided.  High house prices was named by 64 percent as their main reason for leaving, while high cost of living (46.9 percent), poor air environment, hard work, difficulty getting a hukou and traffic congestion were listed as other reasons. Feng Qian, who graduated from Peking University four years ago, now works at a bank in Shijiazhuang, capital of Hebei province. He said he left Beijing because of how difficult it is to get a hukou. If people left the first-tier cities, 46.7 percent said they would go to capital cities of provinces, regions or other municipalities. About a quarter would head to prefecture-level cities, while some preferred county towns. However, the survey also found that 32.4 percent of respondents who had left the first-tier cities had since returned. Zhai Bing, 28, who worked as a property salesperson in Shanghai for five years before returning to a county town in Henan province two years ago, is now back in Shanghai working for an online shop.  She said she could not bear the complicated relationships among people, the low income and boring life in her hometown. Another reason for her return was the poor relationship with her mother-in-law.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "  The official dining habits of the Chinese President, Xi Jinping, have been revealed in a new exhibition in Beijing. The details are included in a special show called 'Five Years On,'and includes food menus and receipts from between 2012 and 2015, reports guancha.cn. A buffet food menu is on show for the first time from a dinner during President Xi's inspection tour of Fuping County, Hebei province back in 2012. The menu for Xi and those accompanying him included traditional Chinese homemade dishes and some local cuisine such as chicken braised in brown sauce, ratatouille with pork, white gourds and meatballs, pork dumplings and rice. The Exhibition also displays a receipt of 160 yuan signed by Xi Jinping himself during his visit to Lankao County, Henan in 2014.,    A special hand-written and finger-printed receipt in relation to a meal given by a village leader at his home, was also on display which came from Xi's visit to villagers in Liangjiahe Village in Yan'an, Shaanxi province in 2015. The lunch cost 30 yuan per person on average. The 'Five Years On' themed exhibition as a whole reflects Chinese people's efforts and achievements in terms of national development over the past 5 years, and is being staged at the Beijing Exhibition Center.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Volunteer service in Beijing was worth an estimated 11.7 billion yuan ($1.76 billion) in 2015, representing 0.51 percent of the capital's GDP, a report by Beijing Normal University has found. About 4 million people are registered as volunteers in Beijing, each working an average of 84.3 hours a year, according to the Value of Volunteer Service 2017 report released on Friday. The university conducted an online poll of volunteers in six cities, including Beijing, Guiyang and Xiamen, and an offline poll in Beijing and Chengdu between July and September. Some 2,296 volunteers were surveyed in Beijing alone. The report showed only 18 percent of registered volunteers are active, meaning they have provided volunteer services in the past year, suggesting more measures are needed to encourage volunteering. \"China has seen rapid growth in volunteer service due to support from governments, social organizations and private companies, and it could make a significant contribution to China's pursuit of sustainable development,\" said Guan Chenghua, a professor at the university. He added that it is important to evaluate volunteering in China and share experiences with foreign partners. The report was released at a panel discussion held by the United Nations Volunteers' headquarters and China office in cooperation with the China International Center for Economic and Technical Exchanges, Beijing Normal University and the Beijing Volunteer Service Federation. It was announced that a volunteer alliance had been launched for the Belt and Road Initiative, and a group had been formed to unite organizations to present data and evidence about China at a global technical meeting on volunteering in 2020. \"I hope we can work together beyond this event to strengthen cooperation and share responsibilities,\" said Manon Bernier, the UN Volunteers manager for the Asia-Pacific region. \"In doing so, I hope we can consider how UNV can help volunteer partners in this process to facilitate the implementation of the Belt and Road Initiative and the UN sustainable development goals.\"", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "BEIJING -- The final of a schools' contest to arouse interest in the exploration of space and in developing innovative space technology began in Beijing Monday.  The final, held in Beijing Institute of Technology, one of the country's most highly regarded science centers, featured 45 teams of primary and secondary school students from across the country.  Over the next two days, the students show off their skills and knowledge in a wide variety of simulations including \"building lunar bases\" and \"launching rockets.\"  This contest is a way of cultivating enthusiasm for China`s aerospace endeavors, said Wang Xiaofeng, vice president of the institute.  The contest was sponsored by the Chinese Society of Education and the Chinese Society of Astronautics. The first round of the contest began on April 24, China`s second Space Day.  April 24 was designated Space Day in China last year to mark the anniversary of the launch of the country's first satellite Dongfanghong-1 in 1970. ", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "More than 60 old factories have been transformed into culture and innovation parks in Beijing's Chaoyang district, said Liu Haitao, deputy head of the district, on Tuesday during a media tour focusing on the capital's high-quality development. \"Chaoyang was Beijing's industrial manufacturing base for electronics, petrochemicals, textiles and automotives. Those factories covered a total area of 3 million square meters,\" Liu said. \"Plenty of space is available for new industries after moving the factories out.\" \"To better use the space is the key to realizing the capital's role as the country's cultural center,\" he added. \"Culture plus high-tech\" is the direction for the old factories' transformation, Liu said. For instance, E9 Zone, an innovation park in Chaoyang, has attracted 80 companies to locate there; half are in the cultural industry and more than 30 are science and technology companies.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Discover the best things to do in Beijing with our weekly roundup of art and exhibitions, music and performances, and trending activities to do around town. To recommend an upcoming event or activity, please contact    After three consecutive shows last year, Jay Chou's   tour returns to Beijing this weekend. The world tour started in Shanghai in June last year, setting a new sales record. Tickets for last year's shows in Beijing, for example, were reportedly sold out online in three minutes.  Jay Chou is one of the most important singers and songwriters of his generation, especially popular among young people. His music covers a diverse range of styles, from rhythm and blues to hip hop and rock.,  Five days of book events kicked off with a flourish on Wednesday as the 24th Beijing International Book Fair raised its curtains. More than 300,000 books from 89 countries will be presented during the fair.  Learn more  .  In a two-day extravaganza, the NEU Future Festival will bring together more than 25 speakers from China and abroadon technology and science, music, the visual arts, film-making and media to explore the opportunities and challenges of our near and far future. The event will kick off with an opening party on Friday night, featuring body-driven performance art from Berlin-based artist Marco Donnarumma, SHAO and Wang Meng from Beijing and Shanghai, and GOOOOOSE \u00a8C a legend in the Shanghai music scene. Learn more  .,  French opera film  will be staged in Beijing next week, directed by Tiziano Mancini.  Based on the novel of the same name by Prosper M\u00a8\u00a6rim\u00a8\u00a6e, opera   was the last work of famous French composer Georges Bizet, telling life stories of the working class and the ordinary people. It's also one of the most popular operas to date in the world. The opera describes the eternal confrontation between men and women, shows the ruthlessness but beauty of life, and proves the perpetual co-existence between love and death.,  An exhibition showcasing masterpieces of the 17th century Dutch Golden Age will come to an end next week. The 17th century Dutch Golden Age had several significant artists and a range of great pieces produced during the period, including Jan Vermeer's  Jan Lievens'   and Turban and Rembrandt's  . It is the first time some of the most refined examples of the time have been shown in China. Learn more  .  For nearly 1,000 years, mountainous Dehua county in Fujian province has been producing ivory-white porcelain. When pieces were exported in large quantities to Europe via the Maritime Silk Road between the 17th and 18th centuries, the wares won acclaim and were referred to in French as \"blanc de Chine\". More than 180 porcelain objects by contemporary Dehua artisans are on show at the   exhibition at the National Museum. Learn more  .  Shanghai native Chen Junde, 80, has worked on giving a Chinese context to Western oil painting techniques and has helped to modernize Chinese art to reach more people. An exhibition at the National Art Museum of China is now showing dozens of his oil paintings and sketches, many of which Chen portray harmony and tranquility in dynamic colors.  Learn more  . ", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Do To Hoa, a graduate student from Vietnam at the China Conservatory of Music in Beijing. Every time I sing the song I love you, China, I feel it expresses the feelings in my heart. When I first came to China in 2013, I thought it would be a good thing if I could become a music teacher at a university back in Vietnam after graduation. But now, I really hope I can do more things and become a cultural bridge between the two countries, making a contribution to a closer China-Vietnam friendship. I remember how President Xi Jinping encouraged me to play the role of peace envoy between China and Vietnam in 2017 after I sang On the Hopeful Field (a popular song in the 1980s) during his visit to Vietnam. Actually it was not the first time I had sung for him. Back in 2015, when President Xi visited Vietnam, I performed two Chinese folk songs for the leaders of China and Vietnam as a junior student at Guangxi Arts University. After the performance, Xi's wife, Peng Liyuan, spoke with me. She asked where I studied and the name of my teacher, which made me very happy because I know she is a famous singer in China. For me, it is great to study in China because I fell in love with Chinese folk songs when I was very young and it is my dream to study vocal music every day. I think I have a great link with China because I learn Chinese folk songs very quickly and my voice is quite suitable for them. I'm very thankful to my family, which has been very supportive since I came to China. My father died of heart disease in 2016 when I was participating in a singing competition hosted by China Central Television and I could not go home immediately. But when he was ill, my father told me, \"It is your dream to sing, so you should continue in the contest and perform well, so that our Chinese friends will better understand our culture.\" As a result, I worked very, very hard. Now, my younger brother bears the burden of taking care of my mom and the whole family, which gives me the opportunity to continue pursuing my dream in China. My family members have never visited China, but I hope they can come to Beijing and attend my concerts during my graduate study in the near future. Many of my friends in Vietnam said I have become increasingly like a Chinese. That's a good thing, isn't it? Do To Hoa spoke with Mo Jingxi.", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "China's world champion athletes and coaches have found increased motivation in the country's achievements, and say they want to help it realize its aspiration of being a world-class sporting power. From the exquisite torch used at the 2014 Nanjing Youth Olympics to the fancy cycling helmets painted with Peking opera masks worn by Chinese track cyclists at the 2016 Rio Olympics, items on display at an exhibition in Beijing on Monday triggered oohs and ahhs from visitors flocking to the show to review China's social and economic achievements over the past five years. Some high-profile athletes attended the show at the Beijing Exhibition Hall, recalling their own highlight moments while learning about the progress their country achieved in other fields. \"I feel really thrilled to learn how much our country has developed in so many areas, not only in sports, with such a concrete presentation of items, illustrations and models,\" said Dong Dong, China's Olympic and world champion trampoline athlete. \"The sense of national pride just encourages you to work harder in whatever you do individually.\" Dong was among a whopping 1,000 members of a sports delegation who visited the exhibition, Five Years of Sheer Endeavor, on Monday. It opened on Sept 25. The country's State-run sports system deserves credit for the momentum of scientific innovation that has brought a technology-centered approach to sports development at both the elite and grassroots levels, Dong said. \"The progress in our talent-development system, which now combines all relevant sciences, is really remarkable,\" the 28-year-old veteran said. World champion table tennis star Fan Zhendong said the inspiration he felt at the exhibit was a morale boost that will help him win more titles and actively promote sports off the stage. \"Since the top leadership in our country attaches so much importance to sports development, we as front-runners in the business need to shoulder more responsibility for spreading the positive energy of sports participation to the public,\" said Fan, who won his first world title when he was 17 years old in May 2014. He was one of China's youngest athletes to do so. Among the sports delegates was the new coach of the Chinese women's national handball team, Jesper Holmris of Denmark, who was enthusiastic about many of the exhibits. \"It's interesting to be here to see how fast the development has been going on in China, which is amazing,\" said Holmris, who last visited China 20 years ago. \"This is like a team-building experience for us, coming from Scandinavian culture to learn about what's going on in general in China. It will help us better understand the culture and do our job in sports,\" he said.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Beijing plans to recruit 30 junior high school students and train them into becoming professionals at restoring cultural relics for the Forbidden City amid a shortage of such talents, according to Beijing Youth Daily. Beijing Union University, Beijing International Vocational Education School and the Palace Museum this year jointly launched a pilot education program to train professional restoration experts. The students will study cultural relic reconstruction at the Beijing International Vocational Education School for three years, followed by two years of vocational education at Beijing Union University. After further study, they can be awarded bachelor's degrees. The pilot program is aimed at cultivating more local professional talents. Shan Jilin, the curator of the Palace Museum, once told Chinese media that insufficient career paths for young people had resulted in a lack of professional restoration experts. The hukou, or household registration system, makes it hard for young experts to work in the museum. To restore all of the cultural relics in the Palace Museum with existing experts will take at least 100 years, according to the museum. In order to cultivate more professionals in the field, the museum launched the major in cultural relic repair with the Beijing International Vocational Education School in 2015, and recruited about 20 students in the first year. So far, 35 students have been recruited. Besides general courses including Chinese, math and politics, the students also learn professional knowledge about relic repair, including basic knowledge of cultural relics, the history of arts and the basic methods of relic protection, according to Qian Weidong, the director of the Beijing International Vocational Education School. Teachers were mostly from the Palace Museum, Qian added. Professional restoration experts have attracted widespread attention from the general public after the success of the three-episode TV documentary,  which premiered on China Central Television at the beginning of last year.     ", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "Beijing, Shanghai and Shenzhen are the top three cities on the 2017 China Integrated City Index, which analyzed and evaluated 297 Chinese cities based on three main dimensions\u00a3\u00adsociety, economy and environment. The index was jointly issued by the National Development and Reform Commission's development planning department and Cloud River Urban Research Institute, an international think tank, and aimed to offer a comprehensive assessment of the quality and sustainability of cities' development and to explore the future path of the country's urbanization. It is an annual ranking of Chinese cities, and the first edition was published in 2016. The ranking was built on the analysis of vast amounts of original data, including satellite remote sensing data, and utilized a total of 175 indicators to carry out a comprehensive assessment of the cities according to Zhou Muzhi, professor of economics at Tokyo Keizai University and head of Cloud River Urban Research Institute. \"With the support of such a massive amount of data, the ranking contains a lot of insightful information and some interesting development phenomena in the cities, which could provide valuable resources for policymakers,\" Zhou said. Let's look at the top 10. No 10 Chengdu,No 9 Nanjing,No 8 Suzhou,No 7 Hangzhou,No 5 Tianjin", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "          The ongoing Beijing International Art Biennale features paintings, sculptures and installations from more than 100 countries. Lin Qi reports.  Bat-Erdene Damdin-suren, an artist from Mongolia, is participating in the seventh edition of Beijing International Art Biennale with an installation called  a tribute to the enduring influences of Silk Road and Maritime Silk Road as well as wider communication among different civilizations. Speaking about his passion, he says: \"Being an artist is a hard job. But it is the best job for me.\" The ongoing event features more than 600 paintings, sculptures and installations at the National Art Museum of China in Beijing, with artists from more than 100 countries. The biennial was launched in 2003 by the China Artists Association. And Damdinsuren says he first showed his work at the third edition of the event\u00a3\u00ada metal sculpture depicting horses moving in a circle. But he did not attend that event. \"Horses used to be the daily mode of transportation for Mongolians. But these day they are just animals,\" he says, adding that the work examined the connection between the past and the future. Damdinsuren works a lot with metal. He says he collects metal objects and transforms them into artworks. In  he features a red cross made up of two 4-meter-long silk strips on the ground. Then, dozens of metal mousetraps are placed on it, in the formation of four arrows, and they all point to the model of marmot that stands at the intersection of the cross. Damdinsuren says the red cross is to remind people of peace, while the mousetraps and the marmot indicate conflicts.,  He says that when he produced the work, he envisaged a situation where people who toiled along the ancient Silk Road faced dangers and misunderstandings when trying to link the East and the West. Damdinsuren also says that there is another level of meaning in his work. \"The marmot represents any animal that is being slaughtered and dying out because of men's lust for money. Nature should not fall victim to the expansion of human activities.\" Some other works on show review traditions being threatened by a commercial culture that has been prompted by globalization. In his oil painting  Indonesian artist I Putu Edy Asmara depicts a snail that has a man's face, and with an empty red soda can as its shell, while its old coiled shell is abandoned on the side. Asmara says that easily accessible digital networks are giving a boost to the exchange between people living in different corners of the world. He says that while pop and commercial cultures are widely spread, traditional cultures are less favored by people, especially the youth. \"The situation now is unlike that of the Silk Road that promoted the intersection of different cultures but didn't make local cultures extinct,\" he says. \"Technology unites people but should not unify us. It's still important for people to have their own life s and to remain distinctive.\",  Diversity has been at the heart of the BIAB for the past 15 years. And it is committed to demonstrating not only the variety of artistic creation but also different voices, especially those from less-developed areas, says Xu Li, vice-chairman of the China Artists Association. BIAB cares for artists who need international exposure, he says. Damdinsuren hails from a family of artists. His two daughters are artists, too. He says he has exhibited in Australia, South Korea and Europe and he hopes that more Mongolian artists can show their works globally, so that art can be a profession with good prospects for young people and their families. For Asmara, this is his fourth BIAB having first exhibited in 2008. The 35-year-old from Bali says that although Indonesia has in recent years witnessed a boom in its art scene, artists still find it difficult to find collectors for their works. He says exhibitions like the BIAB bring more attention to Indonesian art. Contact the writer at linqi@chinadaily.com.cn 9 am-5 pm, Mondays closed, through Oct 15. 1 Wusi Dajie, Dongcheng district, Beijing. 010-6400-1476.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "How would you go about transforming a factory? One option, which keeps the memories of the past while the space becomes something totally new, is to turn it into a cultural park. A gear factory in Chaoyang district, Beijing, is on the path to change itself into such a place. Its expected title, 24H Gear Factory, indicates around-the-clock motion, 24 hours a day. The 58-year-old manufactory will welcome giant-screen studios, an indoor surfing field, a museum of science and industry and galleries in its 66,000-square-meter floorspace at the end of this year.,        ", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Authorities in Beijing have released an ambitious plan for reducing days with heavy air pollution by 2020\u00a3\u00adat least 25 percent from 2015 levels\u00a3\u00adby increasing green transportation and curbing kicked-up dust. While generally lauding the plan, which is tailor-made for the capital based on its major air polluting sources, experts warned of the difficulties of achieving further air quality improvements in the city because of the change in major pollution contributors to more challenging types. The capital plans to reduce the average concentration of PM 2.5 particulate matter, which poses health dangers, in its urban areas to 52 micrograms per cubic meter by 2020. In 2017, the average PM2.5 density citywide stood at 58 mg per cu meter. Beijing had 46 days with heavy air pollution in 2015. To achieve the goals, authorities plan to increase the amount of cargo moved by trains to 10 percent of the total from the current 2.9 percent, and to more than double the number of new energy vehicles to 400,000. The capital also vows to enhance law enforcement against polluting diesel-powered trucks and to inspect at least 1.5 million of them every year. Liu Ying, an expert at the Beijing Transport Institute, said road transportation currently accounts for more than 80 percent of the cargo in the capital, and the current proportion of cargo transported by train is similar to that in major cities around the world. She said, however, that it's possible for the city to shift the transportation of some goods to rail, including new vehicles, construction material, steel and daily necessities. \"The shift from diesel-powered trucks to electric railways with almost zero release of pollutants will achieve remarkable results in reducing air pollutant discharges in the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region,\" she said. Internal combustion engines contributed the largest amount\u00a3\u00ad45 percent\u00a3\u00adof the locally generated PM2.5 in Beijing. Though diesel engines account for just 4 percent of the total engines in use, they contribute to 90 percent of air pollutants produced by engines, according to Shi Aijun, deputy head of Beijing Municipal Research Institute of Environmental Protection. The diesel engines are not all associated with vehicles, as other equipment may also use such engines. Wang Shuxiao, professor of environmental studies at Tsinghua University, said the plan was drafted in accordance with the major air pollution contributors in the capital. According to an analysis of pollution sources by Beijing Municipal Environmental Protection Bureau last year, kicked-up dust contributed 16 percent to PM2.5 density, second only to engines. The capital also plans to reduce kicked-up dust by more than 30 percent by the end of 2020 from that of 2017. \"It has become more and more difficult to further improve air quality in Beijing,\" Wang said. The contribution of polluting sources that are relatively easy to control, including factories and coal burning, has decreased, while the contribution from lifestyle-related and mobile sources has increased, she said.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "The ninth Beijing International Film Festival, held April 13-20, featured a selection of exciting productions and highlighted new ideas from film practitioners. Having attended festival pitches in Beijing for many years, Feng Wei, Motion Picture Association of America China president, is impressed by the increasing influence of newcomers. \"The projects are more mature than what I have listened to for the past few years. Besides sci-fi stories, there are quite a few genre films as well,\" Feng said. \"Every work is well-supported by a group of professionals, who have a very keen market sense.\" Feng is positive about the future of Chinese film. \"I think making movies in China is a blessing. We have an audience who are open to various types of motion pictures. Regardless of the budget and scale of the production, people will appreciate a good story,\" Feng said. Netflix plays a crucial role in increasing the overseas distribution of Chinese films. \"The entire North America has around merely 40,000 screens, which makes it very difficult for Chinese productions to reach a broad audience, although Chinese film is among the best international performers in the American market,\" Feng said. Netflix has acquired the streaming rights for  China's first science fiction blockbuster, as well as many Chinese online drama hits such as Day and Night ( ), Eternal Love ( ), and the recent food documentary Flavorful Origins ( ). \"Streaming platforms may offer Chinese filmmakers a new path to gain global viewership,\" Feng said. \"With outlets covering many countries and many languages, they provide extensive supports for Chinese productions.\",Deanna Gao, China Film Festival in Paris founder and chairwoman, said the first step is to make Chinese stories more accessible. \"If you want foreign audience to like Chinese films, you need to provide access for people to see them.\" Founded in 2004, the China Film Festival in Paris features various Chinese motions pictures. \"To most French people, China is still a nation very far away. But through movies, audiences in France are able to understand and appreciate Chinese culture.\" \"Compared with music and fine arts, film and TV shows most directly reflect Chinese people's life. Like a bridge, these works connect people's hearts across different cultural backgrounds,\" Gao said. Gao said that one key element for non-English-speaking audiences to fall in love with Chinese film is translation. \"A good, sincere story certainly can travel abroad. However, it won't happen if the translation is far from satisfactory.\" \"Because of a large group of translation professionals, Chinese audiences can easily understand American films,\" Gao said. \"Subtitle translation is an art form. Every project needs to appropriate a budget specifically for foreign language translation.\"", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "      Every day, Li Yunting collates data related to pollutant levels and the weather forecasts, and issues a prediction about air quality for use by decision makers and the general populace.  \"From the monitoring records, the efforts against air pollution work, especially those in the first eight months, have made me confident about further improvement,\" said Li, who has worked at the Beijing Environmental Monitoring Center for 18 years.  In the first eight months of this year, the average concentration of PM2.5 - hazardous fine particulate matter - in the capital has been 35.5 percent lower than during the same period in 2013, according to data released by the center.  \"The records show that this dramatic decline is the result of measures, such as the closure of polluting plants and reduced coal consumption, along with better weather conditions which dispersed the pollutants,\" she said.  For the bureau's technicians, who collect and analyze the data and weather patterns, smog brings not only worry and concern, but also a heavier workload, because it often triggers emergency responses, such as the suspension of production that are based on their forecasts and analysis of the sources of pollution, she said.  The Beijing authorities began monitoring and researching air pollution more than 10 years ago, developing advanced technologies and forming a team of researchers with deep experience, with the aim of providing in-depth information and accurate forecasts for policymakers.  \"In the past five years, we have attracted more attention. That has resulted in more work and sometimes it is exhausting, but it's worth it when we see more blue skies and win greater acclaim from the public,\" Li said. ", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "BEIJING - China on Thursday vowed to fight \"till the very end\" if the Untied States insists on unilateralism and trade protectionism. \"As of now, government officials of the two countries have never engaged in any negotiations concerning the trade friction,\" said Gao Feng, spokesman of the Ministry of Commerce. \"Principles must be followed before negotiations get started. However, the US has not shown any sincerity to negotiate,\" Gao said. \"Whether the two sides can negotiate under the WTO framework will depend on whether the US side still respects the WTO and whether it still respects multilateral rules,\" Gao said at a press conference. \"If the United States clings obstinately to its own course and insists on unilateralism and trade protectionism, China will fight resolutely till the very end,\" the spokesman warned. Gao noted China's continued opening-up measures have nothing to do with the ongoing trade friction with the United States. The major strategic decisions are made based on an accurate estimation of the country's current development level, in order to elevate opening-up in the new era to a higher level, Gao said.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "China and the United States reached a consensus on some issues during their high-level trade talks on Thursday and Friday in Beijing, said Xinhua News Agency. Vice-Premier Liu He, also a member of the Political Bureau of the Communist Party of China Central Committee, carried out frank, efficient and constructive discussions on China-US economic and trade issues with the delegation led by Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, visiting as US President Donald Trump's special envoy. Both parties believe that healthy and stable Sino-US economic and trade relations are very important to the two countries, and both are committed to solving relevant economic and trade issues through dialogue and consultation. The two sides fully exchanged views on expanding US exports to China, bilateral service trade, two-way investment, the protection of intellectual property rights, and the settlement of tariff and nontariff measures. In some areas, some consensus has been reached. Both parties recognize that there are still major differences on some issues and they need to continue to intensify their work and make more progress. The two sides agreed to establish a communication mechanism and maintain close communications. China made solemn representations to the US side regarding the case of ZTE Corporation, said a spokesman of the Ministry of Commerce. The US side expressed that they will pay attention to these representations and will report China's position to the president of the United States.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "The Palace Museum in Beijing has shared a range of photos of its collection of mirrors on micro blog Sina Weibo in celebration of the autumn.  China has a long history of mirror culture, dating back to the late Neolithic Age. The ancient poem   has sentences that portray a woman primping in front of a mirror. With the introduction of Western glass mirrors in the Qing Dynasty (1644-1911), the shapes, structures and decorations of Chinese mirrors became highly diverse. Some mirrors were even placed into jade pendants so that people could carry them everywhere. Let's take a look at the various mirrors in the Forbidden City.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "A Botswanan Sinologist shares his story of how he gave up studying computers in favor of a language. When Gracious Masule introduces himself, he always remembers to mention his Chinese name \"Ma Yinan\" and his \"Chinese hometown\" - Changsha, the capital of Central China's Hunan province. The Botswanan Sinologist, who is a Chinese language teacher at the University of Botswana, speaks fluent Chinese and has good understanding of Chinese society. Masule is one of the foreign scholars invited to the ongoing Beijing Class of the 2018 Visiting Program for Young Sinologists, which kicked off on July 6 in Beijing and will last for three weeks. The program has brought together 38 Sinologists from 34 countries for research and study at several institutes in Beijing. The program, which was started by the Ministry of Culture and Tourism in 2014, aims to strengthen cultural exchanges and set up a platform for young Sinologists worldwide to communicate and learn more about Chinese culture and history. Masule applied to the program after hearing about it at the Chinese embassy in Botswana. Masule and other young Sinologists will attend lectures by Chinese scholars, and conduct research at academic organizations or universities, including Peking University, over the next two weeks. They will then visit Guizhou province in Southwest China to learn about its ethnic culture and eco-civilization practices. \"I am very glad that I have been given this rare opportunity. For me, the main purpose of it is to learn more about Chinese culture and history,\" says Masule, 33. Masule says his love affair with China began when he was a college student. In 2009, he was working as a teaching assistant at the University of Botswana after graduating with a computer science degree. \"I thought I'd be a teacher, and then a professor, in the computer science department,\" he says. \"However, all that changed after an encounter with Chinese.\" At that time, the Confucius Institute based in his university started to recruit students in Botswana. And Masule, who wanted to better communicate with his Chinese friends and their families back then, signed up. After less than half a year of study at the institute, Masule's Chinese language skills improved dramatically. And even his teachers were impressed by his ability to learn the language so quickly. \"I was encouraged then felt grateful when I received a certificate from the Chinese ambassador. I fell in love with Chinese and wanted to go to China to learn more,\" he says. In 2011, he applied for a scholarship and came to study for his master's degree in computer science at Hunan University in Changsha. Describing his experiences there, he says he found the local people friendly and was able to make friends easily. They were also curious about his ability to speak such good Mandarin. He was even invited to visit and stay at his friends' homes in places outside Changsha. When he later studied in Shanghai, he'd still go back to Hunan to spend the Spring Festival holiday with his \"Chinese families\" there every year. \"I feel Hunan is my hometown in China. And now I always tell people that I come from Hunan.\" Masule also says that the three years he spent in Hunan changed his career path. \"Although I was busy studying computer science, I never gave up learning Chinese,\" he says. And when he realized that it was impossible to do both computer science and Chinese as writing his masters' thesis for his major was too time-consuming, Masule finally decided to give up on computing and focus entirely on Chinese. In 2013, he passed the level 5 examination for Chinese and was admitted to Shanghai Normal University to study international education in Chinese. Then, in 2015, he was recommended by his department to participate in the \"Confucius Institute Cup\" Chinese teaching competition held in Beijing, where he won the first prize. He returned to Botswana after graduating in 2016, and became the third Chinese teacher at the University of Botswana, which has a number of projects with China, including a department of Chinese set up in 2011. \"My dream of becoming a Chinese teacher has come true,\" he says. \"I enjoy sharing what I know with others.\" Although his teaching schedule is packed due to a lack of teachers, Masule enjoys his work. \"I like Chinese and I also like teaching Chinese to students. Studying Chinese has opened a wonderful door in my life,\" he says, adding that he plans to return to China for further study and carry out more research on the Chinese language. After returning to his home country, Masule sees himself as a bridge between China and Botswana. \"I hope that by studying the language, I can help the Botswanan and Chinese peoples grow closer and better understand each other,\" says Masule, who often hosts activities to spread Chinese culture in Botswana and is often invited to anchor events hosted by the Chinese embassy in Botswana. Last year, Masule married a Chinese woman, whom he met when studying in Shanghai, and the two now live in Botswana.", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "  China will develop a new area in the northern region parallel to the Shenzhen Special Economic Zone in the south and the Shanghai Pudong New Area in the east to serve as another economic engine and advance the coordinated development of the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region. The establishment of the Xiongan New Area in Hebei province is a \"major historic and strategic choice made by the Communist Party of China Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping as the core,\" said a circular issued by the CPC Central Committee and the State Council on Saturday. \"It (the decision to set up the new area) is a strategy crucial for a millennium to come,\" the circular said. The area, about 100 km southwest of downtown Beijing, will span three counties that sit at the center of the triangular area formed by Beijing, Tianjin, and Hebei's provincial capital Shijiazhuang. The area features geological advantages, convenient transportation, an excellent ecological environment, ample resources and lots of room for development, according to the circular. The move will help phase out functions from Beijing that are not related to the capital, explore a new model of optimized development in densely populated areas and restructure the urban layout in the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region, the circular said. President Xi, who is also general secretary of the CPC Central Committee, has said that priority should be given to developing an area to pool noncapital functions that will be shifted from Beijing. He has ordered that a modern urban district be built at a suitable location in Hebei, guided by new development concepts. During an inspection tour to Hebei on Feb 23, Xi called for \"world vision, international standards, Chinese characteristics and high goals\" in the planning and construction of the new area. He called for efforts to build Xiongan into \"a demonstration area for innovative development\". The area should prioritize ecological protection and improve people's well-being as well as protect and carry forward Chinese traditional culture, he said. Zhao Kezhi, Party chief of Hebei, said on Saturday that the development of such a new area is a historic project that will push forward the integration of the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region and accelerate the social and economic growth of Hebei. Zhao required careful planning of the area. \"Construction should not begin until every inch of the area is clearly planned,\" he told senior officials in Hebei. Experts said that the new area bears the double task of becoming a growth pole in northern China and helping cure severe \"urban ills\", such as traffic congestion and air pollution in Beijing. \"The new area, together with Beijing and Tianjin, will form a world-class city cluster, and drive the entire economic growth in northern China,\" said Xing Tianhe, head of the Urban Planning Association of Hebei. He said the area, which is now comparatively less developed, offers plenty of room for urban planning and construction. The area is also home to Baiyangdian, northern China's largest freshwater wetland, so it boasts sound environment conditions. Li Guoping, head of Peking University's Beijing Development Institute, said the new area will be the place where Beijing's noncapital functions will be redistributed to. China Daily \u00a1\u00aa Xinhua     ", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "The upcoming merger between two State-owned building materials manufacturers\u00a3\u00adChina National Building Materials Group Corp and China National Materials Group Corp\u00a3\u00adwill give the new entity a clear edge, especially in the cement business, over other global peers, experts said on Wednesday. Their comments came after nine listed subsidiaries of the two building materials giants suspended trading on the Shanghai and Shenzhen stock exchanges last week, raising speculation about further substantial actions to be taken in their merger, which was announced last year. According to a statement jointly released by the two companies last week, CNBM will acquire all shares of SINOMA. Once the deal is completed, Beijing-based CNBM will become China's largest nonmetal materials manufacturer, cement equipment and engineering service provider by production capacity, with total assets of more than 550 billion yuan ($84.32 billion) and 250,000 employees. \"Since their business is overlapped in the cement sector, the reorganization will help the two companies cut excess capacity and enhance research and development ability to develop other new building materials, preventing price wars in gaining orders for cement from overseas mar-kets,\" said Zhao Ying, a researcher at the institute of industrial economics of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences in Beijing. CNBM's cement production capacity reached 409 million metric tons in the first half of this year, while SINOMA produced 112 million tons of cement. The merger talks of the two giant groups started last August, when the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission approved their merger to cut overcapacity and maintain competitiveness of the cement industry. CNBM is well known as a manufacturer of cement, glass, lightweight building materials and glass fiber, while SINOMA possesses core technologies and complete innovation systems for nonmetals. \"For these two groups, halting trading of all their listed subsidiaries signals the possibility of internal resources integration and mixed-ownership reform, such as employee stock ownership plan (that) might be prepared and conducted,\" said Shen Meng, director of boutique investment bank Chanson & Co. Li Jin, chief researcher at the China Enterprise Research Institute in Beijing, said: \"China will continue to reinforce the integration between similar businesses and take advantage of leading industry players.\" The State Council released the guidelines on SOE mergers and acquisitions last July, calling on the enterprises to form a mechanism in which State assets can flow flexibly by way of merger and acquisition, innovation, reducing capacity, and dealing with inefficient capital.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Plans include support for schools, transportation and innovation  Beijing rolled out a series of plans on Monday to support the development of Xiongan New Area, aiming to help the new economic zone become the major center for the city's noncapital functions.  The planned new area in Hebei province, announced in April, is about 100 kilometers southwest of Beijing and is dubbed one of the two wings of the capital.  Beijing will support Xiongan in eight areas - working mechanisms, scientific and technological innovation, transportation, environment, industries, public services, planning and design and talent exchange - according to a strategic cooperation agreement signed by the two sides last week.  The Beijing Municipal Commission of Development and Reform detailed the agreement at a news conference on Monday.  \"We will use our advantages in different areas, such as innovation, education and medical care, to cooperate with Xiongan for meeting its most urgent needs,\" a commission official was quoted as saying by Beijing Daily.  Under the agreement, Beijing, as a center of innovation, will promote its innovative resources - such as the Zhongguancun Science Park - to transfer resources or establish branches in Xiongan.  A counterpart of the park will be set up in the new area as a base for high-end innovation and startups.  To support innovative projects, a special fund under a current Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei cooperative development fund is being studied.  For easier transportation, construction of high-speed railways between Beijing and Xiongan will be accelerated under the agreement. Also, the Beijing-Xiongan rail line, currently under construction as an upgrade from an old line, will be put into operation in 2019. A one-way trip will take only 30 minutes, shaving about an hour off the current time.  A new expressway directly linking the two will also be built.  To improve Xiongan's public services, an area in which Xiongan is weaker, Beijing will invest in a high-class kindergarten, a primary and a secondary school and a comprehensive hospital, according to the agreement.  They will be managed by first-rate educational and medical institutions chosen from Beijing. The institutions will provide training and talent to support and upgrade the existing local schools and hospitals in Xiongan, which cover Xiongxian, Rongcheng and Anxin counties.  In the areas of infrastructure, Beijing will encourage State-owned companies such as Beijing Energy Investment Holding Co and Beijing Waterworks Group to provide services. The two will also cooperate in protecting the region's environment and developing high-tech industries and up-to-date financial services.  \"These projects are just a beginning,\" the commission said, adding that along with the development of Xiongan, Beijing will carry out collaborative plans on a regular basis. ", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "GUANGZHOU - Beijing is the \"smartest\" city in China, according to a report on the cashless society released Monday. The report was jointly published by Chinese tech giant Tencent, the Chongyang Institute for Financial Studies at Renmin University of China, and French market research firm Ipsos. It measured the level of \"smart cities\" using different indexes, such as transportation, education, shopping and food delivery, in 324 Chinese cities and polled over 6,500 residents on their use of mobile payments. Overall, Beijing ranked first in the penetration of a cashless society, followed by Shenzhen, Guangzhou and Shanghai. The cities of Dongguan and Foshan were the dark horses in the top ten, ranking sixth and tenth, respectively. The report also showed that 40 percent of Chinese carry less than 100 yuan (15 U.S. dollars) in cash when going out, while 52 percent only use cash for 20 percent of their total monthly consumption. Over 70 percent of respondents said they could live more than a week with only 100 yuan in cash, and 84 percent were \"comfortable\" going out with only mobile phones, no cash. The report was part of a week-long celebration of WeChat's annual \"Cashless Day,\" scheduled on Aug. 8. \"Cashless Day\" aims to promote a green, fashionable and efficient lifestyle. Even though a completely cashless society is unlikely to happen, a new age of smart life has already arrived, according to WeChat, China's largest social media company.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "The Palace Museum in Beijing has shared a range of photos of its collection of stationery cases on micro blog Sina Weibo in celebration of the back-to-school season. As students are busy preparing stationery for the new semester, let's take a look at some stationery cases used in the ancient royal court. Stationery accessories were usually displayed prominently on emperors' tables, while cases used to hold them were also very exquisite. From basic-style functional stationery case to artistic stationery box, they can be seen in the images below.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "The surge in passenger traffic and asset securitzation of the Beijing-Shanghai High-Speed Railway, one of the country's most profitable rail routes, will put more pressure on the airline industry, according to experts. Their comments came after China Railway Corp began promoting the asset-backed securitization and equity financing of the railway sector last year. In addition, Caixin Media, a Beijing group that provides financial and business news, reported last month that CRC and related partners are preparing for the Beijing-Shanghai High-Speed Railroad to go public. Securitization is the financial practice of pooling various types of contractual debt, such as mortgages, and selling their related cash flows to third party investors as securities. The 1,318-kilometer railroad has reported profit growth for four consecutive years since 2014. Supported by 36 pairs of bullet trains running in both directions each day, it transported 160 million passengers last year, double the originally targeted passenger flow volume in 2011. The railroad earned 29.6 billion yuan ($4.3 billion) in sales revenue last year, while airlines carried about 7.5 million passengers between Beijing and Shanghai airports, earning 7.4 billion yuan in such revenue, according to CRC and the Aviation Administration of China. Because the majority of passengers traveling by air between Beijing and Shanghai are business travelers, they are \"insensitive\" to fares, and airlines rarely offer tickets at a discount on this route, said Cheng Zhiwei, a researcher at the National Development and Reform Commission's Institute of Transportation Research. \"Therefore, many people choose high-speed trains between China's two biggest cities, as they offer relatively cheaper prices and rarely experience delays on journeys due to thunderstorms, rain or snow,\" Cheng said. Ticket prices for first-and second-class seats on the Beijing-Shanghai High-Speed Railway are 933 yuan and 553 yuan, respectively, and a one-way journey takes between 4 hours and 18 minutes and 6 hours and 20 minutes. An economy class air ticket costs 1,360 yuan on Air China and China Eastern Airlines, and the one-way air journey takes 2 hours and 15 minutes. Yang Xin, a researcher at China Academy of Railway Sciences Corp, said airlines have to pay a service fee to airports, and their operating costs are frequently affected by fluctuations in the international oil price. Rail passenger service providers are backed by national investment and the support of local governments and shareholders. The Beijing-Shanghai line was initially proposed in 1990, but construction only began in 2008. The work was completed in 2011 at a cost of 221 billion yuan. The trains can run up at speeds of up to 350 kilometers per hour. Other bullet train services such as those between Hangzhou, the capital of Zhejiang province, and Ningbo in Zhejiang, and between Shenzhen in Guangdong and Guangzhou, the provincial capital, have all reported handsome profit growth in recent years, data from the CRC show. Therefore, journeys of between 500 kilometers and 1,200 kilometers will pose a strong challenge to airlines compared with long-haul trips. Due to high-speed rail links, airlines have stopped operating short-haul routes between Wuhan, the capital of Hubei province, Changsha, the capital of Hunan province, and Nanchang, the capital of Jiangxi province, Yang said. They have also stopped operating between Chongqing and Chengdu, the capital of Sichuan province, Zhengzhou, the capital of Henan province, and Xi'an, the capital of Shaanxi province. Zhou Qinghe, chairman of CRRC Zhuzhou, a subsidiary of railway vehicle and equipment maker China Railway Rolling Stock Corp, said, \"Challenged by China's well-developed high-speed rail network, signaling network and onboard WiFi access, as well as more leg room and food delivery services at stations, it is time for airlines to bring new ideas into their business on short-haul services.\"", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Spring Festival, the most important holiday for Chinese, is setting new trends as technologies transform people's way of life. Besides the traditional celebrations such as family reunion dinners, sending \"red envelopes\" and paying a New Year call, new traditions such as collecting five blessings on payment platform Alipay to win cash rewards, giving and grabbing digital \"red envelopes\" on instant messaging app WeChat, and doing special purchases for the holiday online are taking roots. Here are six moments showing how common Chinese people spent their Spring Festival holiday in the mobile internet era.,To have a relaxing holiday rather than to deal with overzealous relatives who are too interested in his personal life, Ji Xuan chose to travel to Vietnam during the Spring Festival. It could have been difficult for Ji to travel abroad as he is not good at English or any other foreign language, but he even made some friends in Vietnam with the help of translation apps and Taobao, on which he successfully bought a local phone card in advance.,Huo Junzheng, a merchant who sells props for traditional festival entertainment activities such as stilts, lion dance and land boat dance, did not attend family reunion dinner for many years until this Chinese New Year's Eve. Running an online store on Taobao releases him from the \"tradition\" of leaving hometown to sell props during the holiday.,A woman surnamed Zhao who is 56 years old learnt how to use Taobao to buy goods online last year. She bought more than 20 special purchases for the Spring Festival on Taobao this year.,For migrant workers who come back to their hometown from big cities during the Spring Festival holiday, they do not need to carry goods with them. With Taobao parcel pickup points in virtually every town, they can make online orders and pick up parcels at home.,On Chinese New Year's Eve, a woman living in Hangzhou, Zhejiang province, who does not cook usually but would like to prepare the reunion dinner for her family learnt cooking from online livestreaming video.,During the Spring Festival holiday, Taobao shop owner Jia Wenjing received more than 1,000 orders of pet care. She was paid to take care of cats that were left behind in Beijing as their owners had to return to their hometowns across China.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Local governments should pay more attention to the translation of public signs, because they are important elements in shaping the image of a city in the eyes of foreigners, language experts and government officials said. Shi Yanhua, former director of the translation office of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, said some local governments have not invested enough money and resources into improving the translation of public signs, leading to some ridiculous translations. They should strengthen the regulation on translation and any new signs should first be approved by relevant government authorities before being posted in public, she said on Monday at a sub-forum of the 2018 annual conference of the Translators association of China. The conference was co-hosted by the association and the China Foreign Languages Publishing Administration. Different cities have different translations for the same type of sign, she said - for example, ring road in Beijing, belt road in Shanghai and boulevard in Shenzhen mean the same thing and should be consistent. Chen Mingming, executive vice-president of the translators association, said signs in places frequently visited by foreigners, including airports, subways, hotels and scenic spots, should be priorities, and there should be no translation mistakes in these signs. Not all signs need to be translated, he said. \"Public signs with unique expressions using Chinese characteristics need no translation,\" Chen said. Zhang Qian, deputy director of the foreign affairs office of the Beijing municipal government, said many people have not realized the importance of sign translation. The office once found a cigarette and liquor store on Beijing's Wangfujing street with a sign that said \"name cigarette, name liquor\", when the translation should have been \"brand name cigarettes and liquor,\" she said. \"We told the owner of the store to change the sign, but he told us he would not spend money on such a trivial matter. He would only change it if the office agreed to pay for the new sign.\" Liu Liu, head of the translation office of the foreign affairs office of Guangzhou, Guangdong province, said similar incidents have occurred in that city, with many people thinking it doesn't matter what the English sign means as long as there is an English translation. The city government has put a lot of effort into regulating the translation of signs, including developing a mini app in WeChat where netizens can win gifts by taking a picture of an incorrect translation, Liu said. Also on Monday, nine well-known translators received the Lifetime Achievement Award in Translation, the highest award for translators in China from the association. They joined the ranks of 18 other highly acclaimed translators who have received the award, including Ji Xianlin and Xu Yuanchong.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "BEIJING - Beijing issued a yellow alert for air pollution Tuesday. Yellow alert means the average daily air quality index (AQI) in the city will exceed 200 for at least two days. Beijing will see its air moderately or seriously polluted from Tuesday night. Cold air and rain on Friday are expected to improve the air quality, according to Beijing Municipal Environmental Protection Bureau. China National Environmental Monitoring Center said that the central and southern areas of the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei would be affected. Response measures including dust control in construction sites, suspension of construction work and heavy vehicle restrictions will be taken from Wednesday. Under China's four-tier warning system, red is the most severe, followed by orange, yellow and blue.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "XINING - Every morning, Sonam Tsering, 30, takes up his backpack and earphones, boards the subway and arrives at a commercial bank in Beijing for work. Sonam's job in is the international business unit of the bank. His success has a lot to do with his educational background. Sonam was born in Jone county in Gannan Tibetan autonomous prefecture of Gansu province. Under China's ethnic policies, Sonam was able to study at a middle school in northern Hebei province. \"There were many ethnic classes in our school, and many of my classmates were ethnic minorities,\" he said. After graduation, Sonam went for further study in Britain. \"I am from a small town, but education truly broadened my horizons,\" he said. Over the past decades, favorable policies have brought benefits to many children in Tibetan areas. Sonam likes watching NBA games in his spare time. Fluent in Chinese, Tibetan and English, he is also a fan of Tibetan rap and occasionally hangs out with friends at a bar in downtown Beijing. When he was studying abroad, he met the love of his life. Now both Sonam and his wife work in Beijing while raising a daughter, who is now a year old. \"We plan to let our child study in Beijing,\" he said. \"We want her to get in touch with avant-garde thoughts, broaden her horizons and pursue a life she likes,\" he said. Like Sonam Tsering, Tsering Lhakyi also benefited from the country's ethnic policies. In the 1980s, due to a lack of skilled workers and the poor educational foundation in the Tibet autonomous region, the government decided to offer classes to Tibetan children. In 1985, the first batch of them went inland to study. Since then, an increasing number have pursued studies in more developed areas in China. Tsering Lhakyi, born in the 1990s, was raised in Tibet's Nagchu prefecture. Because of her high scores in the primary school, she was admitted to an inland Tibetan middle school. After the national college entrance exam, she applied to a university in Yantai, Shandong province, because she \"wanted to see the sea\". \"The inland class truly taught me a lot about many new things,\" she said. As a fan of music, Tsering was once a singer in a bar and released two singles in Tibetan. In 2017, she went on a popular talent show called Sing! China and became a sensation in the music industry thanks to her unique style of music. Before Tsering, there were no other Tibetan contestants on the show, she said. \"People thought Tibetan singers were all about ethnic music, but I wanted to break that stereotype,\" she said. Liu Hua, with Qinghai's Ethnic and Religious Affairs Committee, said China's favorable ethnic policies not only brought quality education to students in ethnic areas but also changed their lives. \"These graduates are using their wide range of knowledge and images to influence people around them and generations to come,\" Liu said. Xinhua", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "1. Duel-credit policy to tackle emissions China issued a dual-credit policy in late September in an effort to cut gasoline fuel consumption and stimulate the development of new energy cars, including electric cars and plug-in hybrids. In 2019, automakers in China must gain credits for new energy cars equivalent to 10 percent of all its cars, with one vehicle generating multiple credits. The quota will rise to 12 percent in 2020. If they cannot meet the goal, they can either purchase credits from other carmakers or face a fine. The policy has prompted many international brands, including Volkswagen and Ford, to launch new joint ventures with local Chinese carmakers.,10. Loan policies revised to spur e-car buyers New loan policies for car purchases were issued in November, allowing buyers of new energy vehicles to borrow a larger portion of the purchase price. Starting in 2018, electric car buyers can borrow up to 85 percent of the cost from banks, according to the People's Bank of China and the China Banking Regulatory Commission. The maximum loan for cars using traditional fuel is set at 80 percent. The purchase of fossil-fuel cars and electric vehicles for commercial use will enjoy lower loan ratios of 70 percent and 75 percent, respectively.,2. VW signs 3rd local joint venture Volkswagen became the first international brand to have three passenger car joint ventures in China when the German automaker signed a deal with Anhui Jianghuai Automobile Co in June. The 50-50 partnership, which is dedicated to developing and producing electric cars, will see a total investment of 6 billion yuan ($882 million). Its first model, which will be produced at existing JAC facilities, is expected to roll off the assembly line in 2018. That would give VW a head start to become the first localized electric car producer in the country, ahead of its rivals such as General Motors.,3. Report: The future is clean and clever China is set to build a globally competitive automotive industry within 10 years, with new energy vehicles and smart, internet-connected cars taking the lead worldwide, according to an industry guideline released in April. Among other goals, the guideline expects sales of electric, plug-in hybrids and fuel cell cars in the nation to reach 2 million by 2020, and such cars are to account for 20 percent of all auto sales by 2025. Half of new cars in China will feature some driving assistance and low-level autonomous driving functions by 2020, and the number is expected to rise to 80 percent in 2025.,4. Beijing roads open to autonomous tests Local authorities in Beijing released China's first guideline on road tests of autonomous motor vehicles in December, signaling the country's determination to accelerate the development of the technology. The guideline, compiled by the city's transport commission, public security bureau, and economy and information technology commission, applies to independent entities registered in China. They can apply to test at most five vehicles at a time, but before conducting road tests they must first complete tests in designated closed zones, according to the guideline. Many Chinese companies, both carmakers and IT giants, are already working hard on the research and development of autonomous driving technology.,5. Tesla to build in Shanghai by 2020 Tesla Inc announced plans to produce cars in China by around 2020. The carmaker's CEO Elon Musk said in November that Tesla is about three years away from starting production in China and will not make any significant capital expenditure until 2019. Tesla confirmed in late October to China Daily that it was in talks with the Shanghai city government to build a plant. Musk said the new plant will make cars for China and other parts of Asia, essentially the smaller and cheaper Model 3 sedan and the upcoming Model Y crossover. It will not make the more expensive Model S sedan or Model X SUV in China.,6. FAW, Dongfeng, Changan join hands Three State-owned Chinese automakers have joined hands to better brace themselves for the market. According to a deal signed in December, FAW Group Corp, Dongfeng Motor Corp and Chongqing Changan Automobile Co are to promote technological innovation, optimize full-value chain operations, expand their global markets and explore new business models. The three companies will build a technology center that will focus primarily on new energy cars, smart and internet-connected cars as well as lightweight car bodies, and also share the results. The cooperation will help Chinese carmakers to gain considerable scale, and build better and more competitive car brands, Changan said in a statement.,7. Geely goes on global spending spree Zhejiang Geely Holding Co has expanded its global presence after a number of overseas acquisition deals in 2017. Its shopping spree started in June, when it signed a final contract with DRB-Hicom Berhad, acquiring a 49.9 percent stake in the Malaysian company's Proton and 51 percent shares of its sports car brand Lotus. In November, Geely moved to acquire United States startup Terrafugia, which specializes in flying cars. The Chinese carmaker ended its year with a deal to acquire an 8.2 percent stake and 15.6 percent voting rights in AB Volvo, the Swedish manufacturer of trucks, buses, construction equipment and engines. It had acquired Volvo's passenger car unit in 2010.,8. Purchase tax cut can't halt slow down China's auto market growth is set to slow to a six-year low this year, despite a 25 percent purchase tax cut on smaller car models. Industrial experts predicted the market's total new vehicle sales volume will reach 29 million units by the end of 2017, for an annual growth rate of 3.5 percent year-on-year. The purchase tax cut was revised in 2016 to 25 percent on cars with 1.6-liter and smaller engines in 2017, from the previous 50 percent tax cut, to prevent a hard landing of the new car market.,9. Sales of fossil fuel vehicles could cease Xin Guobin, China's vice-minister of industry and information technology, said in September the government had started considering a timetable to phase out the manufacturing and sales of fossil-fuel powered cars, without giving details on the time frame. The statement followed similar moves by several countries to end the era of fossil fuel-powered vehicles, aiming to cut carbon emissions and reduce pollution by banning the sales of solely fossil fuel vehicles. In November, China halted sales of diesel with sulphur content above 10 parts per million to address air pollution. The Fuzhou city government released a plan to replace all fossil fuel buses in the city with new energy vehicles by 2020.", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "Major Chinese cities are ranked among the world's mobility leaders thanks to their use of technology to drive the development of smart traffic, according to a recent report. Shenzhen is the best-performing city in China, ahead of Shanghai, Beijing and Hong Kong, when it comes to the deployment of intelligent traffic lights, grids and shared traffic, global consultancy Deloitte LLP said on Tuesday. The research investigated traffic conditions in 54 cities with economic and political influence globally\u00a3\u00adsuch as New York, London, Tokyo and Dubai\u00a3\u00adgauging 15 metrics including air quality, regulatory environment, congestion levels, public transport supply and versatility. \"The four Chinese cities score well in many areas such as investment, regulation, versatility and affordability. But in congestion and air quality their rankings are lower,\" said Simon Dixon, partner and global transportation leader at Deloitte. According to the report, Shenzhen in Guangdong province is using artificial intelligence and big data to improve road safety, communications and peer efficiency\u00a3\u00adsuch as leveraging technologies to identify images of traffic violators with 95 percent accuracy. It also pilots a real-time, data-backed parking management system, aiming to take 330,000 vehicles off the road each day in a bid to mitigate congestion. Other best practices include subsidizing charging infrastructure to accelerate electric vehicle adoption, the report said. The city's electric bus fleet will have more than 16,000 battery-powered buses in operation. Shanghai's strength lies in the expansion of transportation infrastructure that connects with neighboring cities such as Kunshan and Suzhou in Jiangsu province, while Beijing stands out for its encouragement of electric vehicle ownership and ride-hailing, the report noted. In comparison, Hong Kong is lagging behind its mainland counterparts in the testing and adoption of new technologies\u00a3\u00adsuch as ride sharing and autonomous vehicles\u00a3\u00adputting its position as a future mobility leader in peril. While not included in the report, best practices in smart transportation from other Chinese cities such as Hangzhou, Zhejiang province, and Suzhou stood out among their global peers, said Clare Ma, a Deloitte partner specializing in smart city research. For instance, Alibaba Group has helped local authorities in a number of Chinese cities to use massive computing power and data-processing capabilities to optimize traffic flows and deliver emergency responses. The company has even extended such capabilities to overseas cities such as Kuala Lumpur in Malaysia.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "This is the very first CIIE, and we are definitely not missing it. Denmark enjoys remarkable reputation in green development, design, health, among many other areas, and Danfoss is considered as a key contributor to Denmark's world renowned Green Growth Model. We are part of the Danish delegation to the expo this year. We are here to showcase our green brand image through presentations of our energy-efficiency solutions as well as our strong commitment to China market. We know that each province and autonomous region will organize delegations of officials and company representatives to visit and procure from the expo. Danfoss has established strong cooperation with Chinese cities. We enjoy excellent relationship with cities like Wuqing and Haiyan where we have substantial presence with continued investment and growth. We also have strong business relationship with cities such as Jinan, Baoding, Datong. We'd like to take this chance to meet with more cities and our potential business partners to let them know the values Danfoss is ready to deliver. With our proven solutions for urbanization, electrification, climate change, digitalization, as well as food supply and safety, Danfoss is well positioned to support China's development on national and local level. We enjoy a leading position in climate, energy, food and infrastructure. CIIE, with strong support from the Chinese top leadership, will be a unique platform to guarantee a more open environment for international participation in its economic growth by importing more latest technologies and ideas. This will bring in more competition and encourage innovation in all industries we are in. This in return will enable us to execute our \"Second Home Market\" strategy in a more consistent manner. CIIE is also a good indicator that China will accelerate its development by adopting western technologies in a faster pace. This gives us more confidence in China's economy. In reality, for instance, based on our experience in Denmark where heating consumption in buildings dropped by 50 percent in the past few decades with our proven technology, we will be able to help achieve the similar results much faster as China becomes more open with the right policy tool and implementation. Similarly in cooling, using our existing Turbocor technology, we can easily reduce energy in various applications by 30 percent. Danfoss has been benefiting from China's reform and opening-up policy. We have been on a continued growth journey in China, especially in recent years as China rolls out more opening-up policies and investing more on green growth by utilizing and importing the most innovative technologies both at home and internationally. In 2017, our sales in China grew by 30 percent, the strongest among all our regional markets, contributing one-third of the Group's overall growth. Our sales statistics show that the growth is directly driven by massive investments in the field of green and energy efficiency by the Chinese government to tackle the challenges of climate change and pollution. Danfoss believes further opening-up will be a propeller of China's continued growth, and a robust driver for the world economy. Meanwhile, it will bring stronger growth incentives for the businesses of Danfoss. In China's newly announced development plans, environment and energy efficiency have been elevated to national top priorities. We are confident that as China continues to reform and open up, more potential will be unleashed, and our growth will continue. China is our second-home market. Danfoss would like to share our best with China, not only to gain market share, but also to support China's development initiatives. The shift to focus more on quality and efficiency in the past few years has laid a solid foundation for the sustainable and stable growth of China's economy in the future. China's economy will continue to grow at current speed in years to come, and we are very optimistic about China's economy, and our future in China. Our business is in strong alignment with China's development initiatives. The actions China is taking are reinforcing our confidence. China is leading the world in IT and AI technologies, which is transforming how economy develops and how people live. We are watching closely and investing heavily in the areas to sharpen our edge. CIIE is a unique window to demonstrate China's continued openness to the world. We will look forward to China's next movement to take China's open up to the next level. Danfoss attaches special importance to CIIE. We look forward to participating in CIIE to raise our profile and visibility to our business partners and stakeholders far beyond expecting immediate profitability. The example mentioned happens to be one of the reasons we are joining the Danish Delegation to CIIE. Denmark is renowned in quality products, sustainable development, and hygge lifestyle. Members of the Danish delegations are all contributors. We're looking to this expo as a platform for our Chinese partners get a better picture about who we are, and what we can help them achieve.,Thermo Fisher has a 500-square-meter booth at the Medical Equipment & Health Care Products Hall, showcasing around 30 products serving different vertical industries like healthcare, pharma & bio-pharma, environment and food safety. We have established a quick testing station that provides a hands-on experience for visitors to experience how our products can enhance their life. There's also a virtual reality (VR) zone in the lab that enable visitors to access our advanced technology in real time. What we really show our partners, customers and the China market is that Thermo Fisher has capabilities in innovation, and we innovate \"in China for China\". We expect to sign around 10 Memorandum of Understanding during the expo on such areas as academia, pharma and biopharma, metal detection. We have a number of companies (mostly Chinese) that we are planning to attract in this expo. From organization perspective, we are looking forward to working with local government organizations, research institutes, universities, hospitals as well as companies. From industry perspective, we expect procures from our key-focused vertical markets including healthcare, food safety, environmental as well as pharma and bio-pharma. CIIE is a significant move for the Chinese government to actively open the Chinese market to the world. For Thermo Fisher, China is a critical market. Our priority in Chinese market is to help our customers to accelerate their innovation and to actualize the blueprint of \"Healthy China 2030\" by providing multiple solutions in precision medicine, environment and food safety, etc. At the same time, CIIE provides an open platform to better understand China market. With abundant industry resources, CIIE will definitely help us to better understand the local needs and ensure our innovative solutions and technologies work for China market. The reform and opening-up has created a huge market and enormous demand especially for industrial products. Thanks to the opening up, we have the opportunity to expand our footprint in China and become an organic part of China's economy. Today China is the second-largest country by revenue for Thermo Fisher, representing 10 percent of total global revenue in 2017 and achieving double-digit growth. We've been here for over 35 years. We are here to celebrate the opening of China that we believe as something that will create more opportunity for China market. For instance, our key industrial focus includes precision medicine, digital and biopharma which are all aligned with government's priorities. I remain optimistic about the economy, because as we engage closely with customers, we find that there is a real need to want to work with us and that is my gauge of whether we're going to be successful or we are not. And this is how the CIIE is a great forum for us to understand whether the companies actually see a need from us. I think China has many promising markets to focus on, such as healthcare, environment, pharma and bio-pharma they are all growing fast. And that tells me that the government is really investing in China for the long term, it's not a short-term strategy. I'm glad to see that our products and solutions are in align with them.,Omron brings world-leading factory automation technology and solutions to CIIE 2018. Recognized by the Guinness Book of World Records, the Ping-Pong robot FORPHEUS represents Omron's advancing AI and FA technology. Based on Omron's core technology \"Sensing & Control + Think\", FORPHEUS is able to make highly accurate trajectory predictions in milliseconds, memorizing player characteristics. Through ping-pong matches, FORPHEUS can not only boost player motivation and techniques, but also embodies the concept of \"harmony\", where machines can enhance human ability. It shows \"a future of integration between people and machines\". The core technology of FORPHEUS can be applied in other industrial manufacturing systems and FA solutions, which are constantly advancing technological innovation at the manufacturing site. Omron endeavors to promote the transformation and evolution of the manufacturing industry in China. Factory automation is the core business of Omron. Thanks to the innovation and solutions we bring to manufacturers, Omron is widely trusted by customers and has cooperated with more than 110,000 manufacturing partners around the world. CIIE is an important platform for Omron to demonstrate our unique \"i-Automation\" concept, industrial robotics and solutions which would contribute to the transformation and upgrade of the manufacturing industry. CIIE also provides a real opportunity for Omron to meet and deepen understanding our Chinese partners. We look forward to the vivid and in-depth showcase of Omron's FA technology in this event, which we believe will enhance our connections with Chinese manufacturing peers. Omron is actively supporting the China Manufacturing 2025 initiative, and we sincerely expect more opportunities to provide our world-leading products and services to more Chinese partners in the future. Intelligent manufacturing development and innovation at the manufacturing site are hot topics around the globe. The Chinese government is striving to create an intelligent, automated and provincialized the manufacturing industry. The smart and high-end equipment exhibition area in CIIE demonstrates the government's determination for manufacturing industry transformation. Omron believes CIIE is a great venue to open to the world, and introduce more world-leading technologies to help realize the China Manufacturing 2025 initiative. China is one of the most important marketplaces for Omron's business development. Thus, Omron will continue to plan deployment to meet growing demands for factory automation in the local market, and provide better services to them. In June 2017, Omron announced its decision to construct the OMS 2nd Factory in Shanghai, and introduced new production lines of industrial robots at the currently existing factory. Our initiative will ramp up production capacity and provide integrated FA industrial robot solutions to Chinese partners, thereby contributing to China Manufacturing 2025. Omron has been in China for more than 40 years, with 28 legal entities throughout the country. Thanks to China's reform and opening-up policy, we've built a comprehensive management system from design and production to sales and service. We have more than 11,000 employees serving our Chinese customers. China's further opening up to the world will not only offer us a great opportunity to introduce the world's most advanced FA solutions to Chinese partners, but also provide leading technology and services to more local customers. We would love to join hands and develop together with China, and also expect growth for our business in this market. We wanted to introduce \"SINIC theoretics\", which Omron considers the general theory to apply to the economy development process. \"SINIC theoretics\" is also an epochal future prediction theory and guidance for Omron with social changes and economic development in China. \"SINIC theoretics\" assumes a circular relationship among science, technology and society, which mutually affect and contribute to revolutionary changes. Based on \"SINIC theoretics\", Omron developed the unique technology \"Sensing & Control + Think\". In the future, Omron will focus on four fields to promote societal development \u00a1\u00aa Factory automation, Healthcare, mobility and energy management. These industries are also where Omron expects to see great development. CIIE is a well-organized fair. We can truly feel the Chinese government's attention during this event. We appreciate that the organizer is providing diverse coverage opportunities to exhibitors, which can enhance our impression in China. Also, we are impressed by the arrangement of comprehensive workshops and forums, which offer good opportunities for foreign companies to meet more potential Chinese partners. China Daily is one of the most important media outlets in China. Omron is honored to join this coverage and willing to provide more in-depth interview opportunities to you.,During the CIIE 2018, UPS has prepared informative sessions to share UPS\u00a1\u00afs know-how on custom brokerage and import management. Moreover, we will also showcase our services and leading technologies, featuring how UPS contributes to and facilitates the import businesses worldwide. Meanwhile, UPS has just rolled out the addition of several new stations to its intercontinental rail service connecting China and Europe, improving connectivity for businesses in both regions. UPS\u00a1\u00afs rail service presents a competitive solution \u00a8C companies can save up to 65 percent in costs when compared with air freight, and benefit from time savings of nearly 40 percent when compared to traditional ocean movements. This UPS China-Europe rail service expansion will facilitate access to markets in both China and Europe for businesses located in major cities along Belt and Road route. We expect to promote more import trade flows by announcing this news coinciding with UPS\u00a1\u00afs participation at the first CIIE, a high-profile government-led event. CIIE 2018 provides UPS with a platform to share cross-border trade insights and best practices gained from working with customers in China over the past 30 years; it\u00a1\u00afs also an opportunity for us to get a better understanding of the current challenges facing Chinese businesses. We want to raise awareness of UPS\u00a1\u00afs import supply chain capabilities and strengths. As a partner to Asian businesses with intra-Asia and Europe shipping needs, across key industry segments such as retail, high-tech and industrial manufacturing/automobile. UPS reinforces its commitment to enabling global cross-border trade. Initiatives like the Belt and Road Initiative and organization of the China International Import Expo (CIIE) are demonstrative of the Chinese government\u00a1\u00afs steadfast commitment toward greater integration with the global marketplace. The CIIE will continue to drive restructuring of the importing environment. It reveals the increasing demands for supply chain optimization and operation efficiency from customers in different sectors including retail, high-tech and industrial manufacturing/automobile. To this end, we\u00a1\u00afre offering a differentiated approach to solving our customers\u00a1\u00af challenges through effective logistics solutions specific to these industries. We are feeling optimistic about the future logistics industry as we see great opportunities. While UPS has only been operating in China for 30 years, it\u00a1\u00afs important to note that the organization has been around for more than 110 years now; and we\u00a1\u00afre good at adapting to the changing demands economically, socially, environmentally and even culturally, across the 220 countries and territories we work and serve. As China continues to implement reforms and progresses toward greater market openness, the logistics industry is also transforming to meet the dynamic needs of Chinese businesses as they engage in more global trade. Logistics is the backbone of increased cross-border trade, and will bridge the gap between complex global value chains and new consumer pools. Being the advocate of free trade and globalization, UPS is looking forward to the opportunity to deliver tailored solutions and experience to Chinese businesses looking to increase their participation in global value chains. UPS is focused on expanding our geographical presence and improving the customer experience for businesses in the high-tech, automobile, industrial manufacturing and retail segments. In recent years, the Chinese government has proposed several initiatives to deepen China\u00a1\u00afs openness, and UPS is focused on expanding our geographical presence and improving the customer experience for businesses in the high-tech, manufacturing and retail segments. The development of the Chinese economy has kept great momentum for consecutive years. We can see some of the emerging trends of the China market, which will influence the economic development in regional and global markets. Transitioning from low-cost production to value-added manufacturing, China has made remarkable strides toward improving market access and developing the infrastructure needed to promote unimpeded trade with its economic partners since its reform and opening-up policy was introduced 40 years ago. By 2021, China will add $1.8 trillion in new consumption, roughly the size of Germany\u00a1\u00afs consumer economy and more than one-fourth of all consumption growth in major economies. Against a backdrop of the shifting industrial purchasing landscape and a rapidly growing middle-class, opportunities abound for businesses. We recognize the importance of strengthening the manufacturing base, but also know the critical role that services play in that regard. We know that you can\u00a1\u00aft make it, move it, buy it or sell it without services, including the vital express delivery, logistics and transportation services that drive commerce.,The Bayer exhibits at CIIE focus on health and nutrition, two very fundamental issues in all of our lives. We show some of our latest research results and development concepts in our Pharmaceuticals, Consumer Health, CropScience and Animal Health businesses. Our theme is \"Energize Your World\" which is very relevant for health and nutrition. In the area of Crop Science and Animal Health, we will highlight our efforts to shape agriculture by using breakthrough innovations that benefit not only farmers, but also consumers and our planet. Our exhibits will show some typical scenarios in the food chain, starting from sowing which is the start of our food chain, to managing crops, harvesting them and finally to the consumption of food. Our pharmaceuticals division has been making significant investments and progress in research and development, especially in the areas of cardiology, oncology, gynecology, hematology and ophthalmology. Our exhibition will showcase solutions in these therapeutic areas, including cancer. The CIIE is a signature event for the Chinese government that highlights and supports China's policy and aim of further opening up to the world. We expect to meet representatives of many diverse and exciting countries, companies, businesses and organizations with an interest in China, and look forward to exchanging ideas and finding opportunities for collaboration. Bayer is very committed to open innovation and collaboration, especially in the areas of health and nutrition. We welcome existing and potential customers, consumers, business partners and collaborators to visit our exhibition area and share their ideas with us. I believe our great exhibits will speak for themselves. They demonstrate the innovation, excellence and passion that drive Bayer's continuous efforts to meet the needs of Chinese patients, Chinese consumers, Chinese farmers and Chinese society. I believe that the CIIE can help to enhance development in the healthcare and agriculture industries by creating more awareness of the importance of nutrition and health, and promoting the solutions available to further improve lives in these areas. We support China's pledge to further open up its markets to foreign companies as we believe this will be a great opportunity, not only to bring innovative products and solutions to China that enhance the lives of Chinese people, but also to promote exchanges of ideas and collaboration, leading to better understanding and trust. All of this is crucial to supporting innovation, both in China and around the world. Further opening up by China will benefit all of Bayer's businesses in healthcare and agriculture by allowing us to bring even more of our innovative solutions to China with greater speed and efficiency. This will help us to engage in more collaborations in China, which will enable us to be even more connected with local business partners, government, consumers, patients and farmers. Through this, we can gain a better understanding of new trends and opportunities in China, explore new and exciting market segments and business models, as well as further develop our existing portfolio. Despite the various challenges facing China and also the world, the Chinese economy will continue to grow and develop towards the \"centenary goal\" that China has set itself of achieving a moderately prosperous, harmonious and balanced society in China by 2020. I expect that, in the next three years, China will focus on its 13th Five-Year plan and proceed with implementing its plans for higher quality economic growth, supporting innovation and sustainability as growth drivers, and going forward with its reform efforts, including supply-side structural reforms, reducing inventory, deleveraging debt, alleviating poverty. I believe China will also handle challenges with pragmatism and continued focus on its long-term objectives. Key issues that we will be watching for include the speed and scope of reforms, and the maintenance of quality growth and social stability while carrying out reforms. Innovation is another key issue of interest for Bayer as we firmly believe that local innovation, as well as allowing more innovative products into China.,At the first CIIE, We will exhibit a selection of Yara crop nutrition solutions, as we understand the increasing awareness and requirements on food safety and quality among Chinese consumers. Our fertilizers will help to grow healthier and better-quality crops, bringing more values and benefits to consumers. We will also showcase our advanced technologies and solutions on modern farming. Yara's aspiration is to be the leading provider of sustainable crop nutrition solutions, supporting farmer profitability through knowledge, quality and productivity. Our knowledge, solutions and technologies allow the farmer to increase yields, while securing sustainability and reducing the carbon footprint. Some of the techs and solutions have has been widely applied for more than 10 years in Europe, and we are committed to bring them to benefit the farmers in China as well. Our senior company executives will be attending this show and share their knowledge and insights with all visitors. CIIE is a great platform for Yara in various perspectives. During CIIE, we'll sign the cooperation agreement with Sinochem Group. We are pleased to further strengthen our partnership with Sinochem who is one of our long-term channel partners in China. Moreover, we expect to improve public awareness around the important connection between food safety and quality with modern farming and fertilizer. We'd love to continue sharing our knowledge and educate more farmers and users on our advanced technologies and global expertise on fertilizer. Participating in CIIE is of great value to our long-term development and success in China. It provides an open platform for communicating our brand and our mission here: fortifying a long-term commitment to the China market. We hope to leverage CIIE as an effective platform to influence our users, partners, and also the general public, providing them with a fundamental understanding on the connection between food safety and quality with fertilizer, and the values and benefits that Yara could bring to them. It is a platform for enhancing our corporate brand in China. Moreover, we are committed to helping China improve its modern farming by importing our world-class knowledge and technologies, and by establishing local partnerships. Innovation in the agriculture of the future lies in digital farming, the leading trend in advanced agriculture. Yara has been dedicating in scaling up digital farming world-wide for years and is now bringing our proven technology and solutions to China. Yara has, and I believe will continue, to both receive while deliver benefits to China's business environment. Since we entered the China market in 1913, Chinese farmers have actively embraced Yara's imported technologies and advanced concepts. Thanks to the open market, we have seized the opportunity to expand our presence among our Chinese customers. Riding the valuable opportunity of the open market in China, we have also established partnership with the state-owned enterprise, Sinochem Group, to launch the MAP (Modern Agriculture Platform), which will help us further develop modern farming in China with our digital farming initiatives. China has invested a lot in the development of agriculture with favorable policies for the fertilizer industry, such as agricultural subsidy programs and poverty reduction projects, which will obviously promote the development of agriculture. On our side, we will also promote our solutions to more farmers and enable them to flourish. I believe China's economy will continue in its prosperous development with increasingly more multinational cooperation on advanced technologies and concepts. As consumer demands grow for healthier food from quality crops, the market is set to give ample support to the trend of developing agriculture of high economic value. There is great potential to explore and achieve a win-win situation through in-depth cooperation with China's government authorities, as well as industry players. We understand that the country maintains high expectations for the balance between environmental protection and agricultural production. It has enacted policy to support this mutual development. And there is another opportunity for us \u00a8C the consumption upgrade will enhance our ability to develop and import more innovative products and technologies. We are very honored to be invited to participate in the CIIE, and from what I know, it marks a major initiative from the Chinese government to demonstrate its firm support to liberalize trade and globalize economies. The CIIE is proof of its determination to open its market to the rest of the world. As the national English-language newspaper, China Daily is a voice of China on the global stage. It is a great platform for covering the CIIE's development and communicating its mission. Its coverage of the CIIE is diverse and well-rounded, including general news and important facts about the Expo to help the public understand more about its importance. In addition, it also covers the highlights from participants in different industries and countries.,Wacker highlights in CIIE include the ACEO? 3D printing with silicones which is the world's first silicone elastomer-based 3D printing technology, and the ultrathin precision silicone film that can be used as electroactive polymers for intelligent wearable products and industrial applications such as wave power generation. We will also display the world's first 3D printing process to use chewing gum which allows individually personalized gum in a wide range of colors, shapes and flavors. All these products and technologies are cutting-edge and were developed in recent years. Although we have introduced the 3D printing technology for silicones and chewing gum in China since 2016, this is the first time we present silicone 3D printing machine and the 3D printing machine for chewing gum in China. For silicone 3D printing, we are targeting to a wide variety of industries, such as automotive, aerospace and aviation, healthcare, equipment industry and mechanical engineering. For ultrathin precision silicone film, we not only expect to work with related manufacturer and institution in China, but also hope local manufacturing industry could leverage this novel material to develop more new applications in China. For 3D printing to use chewing gum, it is not only an innovation for fun, but can also meet the trend of individuation of the young generation. We think candy shop owners might like to have such machine in their shops. In addition, as our technology also allows manufacturers to add more natural ingredients, such as herbal extract, into formulation, it enables the new type of chewing gum to carry more functionality than before, which is also attractive to candy manufacturers. Yes, we believe the CIIE will further accelerate Chinese industry's transformation to high-end manufacturing, because the novel material and technology introduced at the show will enable innovation in a wide variety of industries. Meanwhile, leveraging the strength and resource of each region, the high quality and cost performance raw material from the global market also allow Chinese manufacturing industry to produce competitive products to win out in both the local and global market. CIIE demonstrates the Chinese government's firm support to the trade liberalization and economic globalization, and its determination of actively opening the market to the world. Therefore, we can continue to carry on our global production and global sourcing strategy, which means we can leverage the resources and benefits of the global market to supply our customers to the best of their interests. After 30-year rapid development, Chinese economy has reached a new height. The Chinese government has clearly realized that export is no longer the sole driving force for continuous growth. Increasing import is of great importance, in terms of both political and economic reasons. We are very encouraged by the new opening-up measures President Xi Jinping announced at the Boao Forum early this year. We are glad to hear that China will significantly expand market access and actively expand imports which will benefit globally-operated companies such as Wacker. The opening-up policy allows us to leverage the resources and benefits of the global market to supply our customers to the best of their interests. For example, we can continue to supply Chinese PV module producers with our high-quality polysilicon product produced in Germany. Meanwhile, strengthening intellectual property rights protection and a more transparent investment environment aligned with international standards reinsures us to further invest and develop in China. With the policy orientation and measures taken for industry upgrade, environmental protection and trade liberalization, as well as the increasingly open and transparent market, we believe China's economy will continue to growth in the next few years. That's also why we decide to increase investment in China. With 50 percent of our sales revenue in China generated by imported products and 20 percent of products produced in China export to overseas market, China is a market for both import and export to Wacker. Therefore, we attach great importance to trade liberalization related movements. Meanwhile, as a foreign invested company, we always appreciate an investment environment that is in line with international standard. We are pleased that the Chinese government has taken several measures to simplify investment process in recent years. Furthermore, as our products are widely used in products and applications that are needed in daily life, such as hair care products and medical supplies, we will be pleased to see more changes that could increase domestic consumption in China, for example, the recent individual income tax reform.,Sasol is honored to be showcased at the South Africa Pavilion exhibition hosted by the South African Department of Trade and Industry (DTI). As a leading global chemicals and energy company proudly rooted in our South African heritage, Sasol is privileged to demonstrate how we can play our part in enhancing collaboration and cooperation between China and South Africa through our business. When we received the invitation from the government of South Africa to participate in CIIE, w", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Businesses in Beijing achieved a total revenue of 3 billion yuan ($440 million) during the three-day New Year's holiday, up 6.3 percent year-on-year, according to data from the municipal commerce bureau on Tuesday. \"Many outlets had promotions and major discounts during the holiday to attract customers, with sales growing more than 40 percent compared with the same period last year,\" said the bureau. Winter sports, culture and entertainment were particularly popular with customers, with many companies holding ice- and snow-related events, which is a new trend, the bureau said.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "China had 131 unicorn startups with a combined worth of $487.6 billion by the end of last year, said a think tank under the Ministry of Science and Technology in its latest findings. Most are innovation-driven tech firms, headquartered in Beijing, Shanghai, Shenzhen and Hangzhou, according to the report published by the ministry's Torch High Technology Industry Development Center. The term \"unicorn\" refers to privately-owned companies with a history of less than 10 years and market value above $1 billion. Let's take a look at the top 10 unicorns in the country. Valuation: $7.69 billion Industry: Logistics Headquartered in Shenzhen Valuation: $46 billion Industry: Mobile and smart hardware Headquartered in Beijing Valuation: $75 billion Industry: Internet finance Headquartered in Hangzhou Valuation: $7.69 billion Industry: Internet finance Headquartered in Beijing Valuation: $8 billion Industry: E-commerce Headquartered in Hangzhou Valuation: $9.2 billion Industry: Media Headquartered in Beijing Valuation: $10 billion Industry: Smart hardware Headquartered in Shenzhen  Valuation: $18 billion Industry: E-commerce Headquartered in Beijing Valuation: $18.5 billion Industry: Internet finance Headquartered in Shanghai Valuation: $33.8 billion Industry: Commute and travel Headquartered in Beijing Valuation: $39 billion Industry: Cloud services Headquartered in Hangzhou  ", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Leading global CEOs and experts share their opinions on the trade war between China and the United States at the China Development Forum in Beijing. Tim Cook, CEO of Apple Inc, said only countries that embrace openness, trade and diversity can achieve success and be exceptional, when asked what suggestions he would give to the US President Donald Trump on trade relations with China. Cook made the comments Saturday at the China Development Forum in Beijing. \"One plus one equals three. The pie is going bigger through cooperation,\" Cook said.,Laurence D. Fink, CEO of BlackRock Inc, the world's largest money management firm, said a trade war cannot solve problems. \"Dialogue and maybe some adjustments in trade policies can be at work.\" Fink made the comments when asked what suggestions he would give to the US President Donald Trump regarding China-US trade relations on Saturday in Beijing. \"Both the US and China have benefited greatly from globalization. The world needs a stronger China and a stronger US,\" he said at the China Development Forum. \"The world is not a public fight in which we reduce future opportunities,\" he said, highlighting that the recent stock market falls speak louder about how businesses feel about the Trump administration's policies. He said he hoped that both countries can find common ground through dialogue to rebuild trust and better bilateral economic and trade relations.,Jean-Sebastien Jacques, CEO of Rio Tinto, a leading global mining group, said the company stands for free trade, which is essential to business. The growth of a company like Rio Tinto relies on the growth of GDP as well as free trade, with some 80 to 90 percent of its products moving from one country to another, he said during an interview with China Daily on Saturday. \"History shows only with free trade can we create wealth, and that comes from full cooperation but not isolation,\" he said. Jacques said he believed China and the United States, the two most important countries in the world, will fully understand free trade. Common sense will prevail and common sense must prevail, he said. According to Jacques, the next 45-60 days will be very important and people should put disputes on the table, discussing them and sorting them out.,An escalation of trade tensions between the United States and China could drive down the global economy and multinational companies would suffer, said Sergio Ermotti, chief executive of UBS Group, on Saturday. The trade situation between the two countries needs to be taken seriously as it will have global ramifications, and an escalation of the situation could be dangerous, Ermotti told China Daily on the sidelines of the China Development Forum. While it is early to make a judgment on how the events will play out, the head of the Swiss bank said that it is not just a US and China issue, and the ramifications of potential moves of the US and what the countries may do to each other may trigger a complex situation. \"For the time being, we do not expect the measures so far to have a major effect on the economies and the financial markets, but if things move beyond where we are today, that will be our concerns,\" Ermotti said.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Starting from this Thanksgiving, Indigo, a shopping mall in Beijing, has invited all its customers to experience a magical journey in the newly opened Christmas town. The big indoor playground is located at the east side of the first floor. Under a glass dome, a collection of holiday installations, such as a giant Christmas tree and the Christmas mini train, bring out the festive mood of December. In the Christmas town, you can enjoy virtual reality, try gashapon machines, send a greeting card from an in-house post office, and even see Santa Claus on a reindeer-pulled sleigh from Dec 22-25. Charity is another highlight of the Christmas season in Indigo. You are welcome to donate books and clothes to the customer service counter, spreading goodwill and love to more people. The event will run through Jan 1, 2019.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "BEIJING -- Chinese scientists have completed a genetic study of the human fetal digestive tract that will assist in diagnosis and treatment of digestive-tract complaints such as gastrointestinal (GI) cancer. Research mapped the genes of 5,277 individual cells and identified 40 cell types in organs from human embryos, as well as the large intestine of adults. The research supported by the China National Natural Science Foundation was carried out by the Beijing Advanced Innovation Center for Genomics (ICG), the Biodynamic Optical Imaging Center and the Third Hospital of Peking University, and published in the latest issue of Nature Cell Biology. Tang Fuchou, deputy director of ICG and member of the research team, told Xinhua that it was the first time that scientists had systematically studied the development paths and gene expressions of the oesophagus, stomach, small intestine and large intestine in both embryonic and adult stages. Founded in 2016 in Peking University, ICG is sponsored by the Beijing government.", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "Young people accountfor more than 50 percent of the nearly 100 million users of Qyer.comand have gradually become the main force of outbound travel, according to a report from the Chinese travel information website. The report analyzed the outbound travel preferences of Chinese in 2018,along with new travel trends of post-1990s and post-2000s tourists. TV series, variety shows and international competitions are inspirations for those young travelers. Data shows 35.71 percent of the post-2000 generation and 21.26 percent of the post-1990 generation choose their destinations based on variety shows. About 75 percent of post-2000s and 50.28 percent of post-1990s will start a trip because of a TV series or movie. 21.43 percent of post-2000s will embark on a journey because of their idols. According to the report, the number of outbound tourists has increased steadily over the past decade. From 2010 to 2017, the compound annual growth rate of outbound tourists reached 12.27 percent. As of 2018, the number of valid passports for private use has reached 130 million. In other words, 90 percent of Chinese have not entered the outbound tourism market, which means the overall penetration rate of outbound tourism still has huge growth potential. Niche destinations, once thought to be fashionable among only a select group of people, have reversed course in 2018. Croatia, Mexico and Portugal rankedamongthe top 30 \"budget destinations\"for the first time. The rise of niche destinations is influenced by visa policies. In 2018, Albania, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Belarus and other newly added visa-free destinations saw their popularity rise immediately after the announcement of visa-free policies. Chinese outbound tourism is more diversified in terms of activities and plans. For instance, skydiving, paraglidingand diving are growing by 30 percent at Qyer.com. Skiing, music festivals, hiking, RV travel, surfing, self-driving and other ways of exploring are becoming popular among travelers. In addition, the report also interprets travel behaviorof people fromfourregions:Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei, Jiangsu-Zhejiang-Shanghai, the Pearl River Delta and southwestern China. Travelers from the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebe region prefer self-driven, long-term journeysand are the biggest spenders. Affected by geographical location, different regions have diverse choices in destinations. Osaka, Kyoto and Tokyo are favored by tourists from Jiangsu, Zhejiang and Shanghai, since they are relatively close to each other. Travelers from the Pearl River Delta like destinations in Southeast Asia, while those from the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei and southwest regions prefer European countries. ", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "The giant panda, the iconic image of Sichuan province, will lend its name to a food festival to be held in Chengdu. The Chengdu Panda Asian Gourmet Festival will draw representatives of famous restaurants, chefs, food writers and researchers from Thailand, Singapore, Israel, Pakistan, South Korea, Japan and Turkey. Zhang Yingming, head of the office of the festival's planning committee, said the festival will consist of an international food culture exhibition, a Chinese menu and food-related exhibition and an international culinary forum. Participants will taste traditional Sichuan food, as well as delicacies from different parts of the world, he said. The festival is part of the Conference on Dialogue of Asian Civilizations to be held in Beijing in late May. In early May, Chengdu Radio and Television will invite the 16 million people who live in the city to vote online for which traditional Sichuan dishes will be included in the menu for the first banquet for overseas guests. It will broadcast the ingredients of each dish, how each is made and the story behind the dish. Sichuan is one of the best-known styles of Chinese cuisine and boasts some 3,000 dishes. People from outside the province tend to link Sichuan cuisine with spicy food and hotpot, but the province has many dishes that are not spicy, said Li Zhiqiang, a restaurant owner in Chengdu. Zhang, who is also a deputy chief of the publicity department of the Chengdu municipal committee of the Communist Party of China, the country's first exhibition of menus and recipes will be held at the festival. The exhibition will showcase cuisine from Sichuan and Guangdong provinces and from Beijing and Shanghai that were used from the Ming Dynasty (1368-1644) to the 1980s.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "More and more high net worth individuals are sending their children abroad to study, despite the hefty price tag that comes with an international education. \"The past few years have seen a surge in the number of people studying abroad,\" said Huang Zhongyang, CEO of Special A, a Beijing-based institution specializing in overseas education consulting. \"Last year, 608,400 students went abroad to study, up 11.74 percent year-on-year. The market is huge,\" according to Huang. He said \"almost 100 percent of our clients are high net worth individuals, given that sending children to study abroad means a large amount of money, especially for those who send their kids from high school onward.\" \"Undergraduate study abroad costs about 2.5 million yuan ($366,000), while high school education costs even more, considering the expenditure on a nanny, research fees and donations that are required by many high schools,\" Huang said. To get their children into the best schools, parents often spend significant amounts of money on tutoring as well. \"Generally, tutoring fees total 200,000 yuan. For some high-end institutions, the cost is as high as 600,000 yuan,\" according to Huang. A report released by CreditEase Wealth Management and Beijing-based market research company HCR showed that up to 70 percent of interviewed high net worth individuals are either in the process of or have already sent their children abroad to study. \"High net worth individuals want their children to develop independent thinking, expanded vision and fluent language skills through studying abroad,\" said Zhang Yue, senior vice-president at CreditEase. \"The rewards of investment in education are more important than the inheritance of any tangible wealth.\" \"Many wealthy people believe that studying abroad - in the United States, for instance - can cultivate children's multidimensional thinking and leadership abilities,\" Huang said. \"Other reasons include improving their children's social circles, fostering their independent living skills and experiencing multinational cultures, which is beneficial to cultivating their way of thinking,\" he said. But, students could encounter many difficulties when studying abroad, such as not being able to adapt to the new environment, as well as language barriers, Huang said.", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "BEIJING - Mobile payment, online shopping, entertainment, dining and beyond -- Chinese apps have been catching on with consumers across Asia. App Annie, an analyst firm, said Chinese apps for e-commerce, social media and leisure have gained strong growth in Asian countries, and their users have been expanding. In 2018, the number of downloads of shopping apps grew 54 percent compared with the figure in 2017, the firm said. These technologies have facilitated exchange and dialogue between nations in Asia. Beijing will host the Conference on Dialogue of Asian Civilizations (CDAC) from May 15 to 22. In August 2018 during the Asian Games, Beijing-based ByteDance, known for its short video sharing app TikTok, called on its users to publish videos to pass on the spirit of the Asian Games. Since TikTok was launched in 2017, its users have grown exponentially in countries such as Japan, Thailand and Indonesia, the company said. In the field of mobile payment, Ant Financial has cooperated with Paytm in India, Kakao Pay in the Republic of Korea, DANA in Indonesia and Easypaisa in Pakistan to serve users in these Asian countries. Ant Financial executive chairman Jing Xiandong said China's experiences in e-commerce and digital economy can be replicated in many countries along the Belt and Road. The number of Asian users on Aliexpress, the global retail platform, has also expanded rapidly. Company data shows that over 20 million buyers in central and southern Asia make purchases on the platform. Buyers in Kyrgyzstan grew fourfold in three years. They mainly buy clothing, consumer electronics and cosmetics, Aliexpress said. Another Chinese firm Meituan-Dianping, which specializes in group buying of consumer products and food delivery services, covered 4.23 million businesses in 380 cities along the Belt and Road, according to figures by April 11, 2019. The company has helped restaurant owners in popular tourist destinations in Asia to renovate and attract customers.", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "Israeli award-winning director, Dan Wolman, introduced   and five other movies to Chinese audience in Beijing to show local customs of this West Asian land. The event kicked-off with  staring Adi Bielski and Aviv Alush, on Monday. The film is based on Israeli theatre and movie actress Pnina Gary\u00a1\u00afs true life story during the period between 1942 through 1948. \u00a1\u00b0It is a very simple but delicate love story of a woman,\u00a1\u00b1 said Wolman. \u00a1\u00b0There\u00a1\u00afs something I really want to capture \u00a8C the innocence of that period of time, that people were idealistic and willing to sacrifice themselves for their ideal.\u00a1\u00b1 The story takes place in 1942 when young Margalit first met her love, Ami. Under the turbulent situation, these two kept missing each other until they met again in a Kibbutz, a type of farm in Israel where many people live and work together. They fell in love and decided to marry on Purim, a Jewish holiday. As they were preparing the wedding, Ami and six others were trapped and killed. Born in 1941, Wolman was familiar with the songs and dresses in the story. \u00a1\u00b0She told me her story which was one-sided, and I had to make it more complex so that it can touch you to feel the tragedy. So I added some little things that made the story believable.\u00a1\u00b1 \u00a1\u00b0I hope to touch people and to make them feel something,\u00a1\u00b1 said Wolman. \u00a1\u00b0I just try to do what I can do.\u00a1\u00b1 This is not Wolman\u00a1\u00afs first time in Beijing. In 2011, he took home the trophy of \"Best Foreign Film\" chosen by the audience at Golden Rooster - One Hundred flower Film Festival\" in China. It was also then that Wolman began to get involved in Chinese film industry. Wolman also volunteers to increase collaboration between the two countries\u00a1\u00af film industries. For example, he has worked with students from National Academy of Chinese Theatre Arts on a film about Chinese opera. Five more Wolman\u00a1\u00afs films are on display:      and  . The panorama will run for two months in different cinemas in Beijing.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Defendants in more than 95 percent of official misconduct cases heard by a Beijing court over the past two decades were charged with bribery, corruption or embezzlement, according to a report released Wednesday. The anti-graft report, issued by the Beijing No 1 Intermediate People's Court, looked at cases heard since 1995, when it was established, with the aim of strengthening the fight against corruption and giving a warning to officials. The report said the court has concluded 1,802 official misconduct cases, of which 1,724 \u00a1\u00aa or 95.7 percent \u00a1\u00aa involved charges of bribery, corruption or embezzlement. Half the defendants were sentenced to at least 10 years in prison, while the amount of money involved in more than 46 percent of cases exceeded 1 million yuan ($143,548), it said. The court in western Beijing, where many government departments, colleges and financial institutions are located, has heard several high-profile cases involving officials at ministerial level or above. It sentenced Cheng Kejie, former vice-chairman of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress, to death for bribery in 2000. Cheng was the highest-level official given the death penalty for corruption since the founding of the People's Republic of China in 1949. In 2007, the court sentenced to death Zheng Xiaoyu, former director of the China Food and Drug Administration, for accepting 6.49 million yuan in bribes and dereliction of duty. The nation's central leadership has stepped up the fight against corrupt officials in recent years. The court said it would continue to strictly punish people convicted in such cases, and explain related laws and the negative effects of such crimes through its rulings.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Beijing, Shenzhen and Shanghai have taken the top spots as China's most innovative cities according to a report released by the Capital Institute of Science and Technology Development Strategy on Thursday, as reported by Science and Technology Daily. Guangzhou, Nanjing and Wuhan were ranked fourth, fifth and sixth, respectively. As urbanization in China has entered into a stage of quality improvement, the city as a key node of the global innovation network, is of great significance to the construction of an innovative country, said Guan Chenghua, head of CISTDS. The report, based on a people-oriented theory of urban innovation and development, constructed an index system of urban scientific and technological innovation and development in China, which includes four dimensions: innovative resources, innovative environment, innovative services and innovative performance. The list of China's top 10 most innovative cities is based on these metrics. The report found innovative service, an important means to enhance a city's innovative ability, is the core point of competition for the top 10 cities. Beijing, Shanghai and Tianjin rank in the top three in this index. Talent, the cornerstone of the top 10 cities' innovative development, is the first key factor in measuring a city's scientific and technological innovation resources. In addition, the report said there is a high degree of consistency between innovation and entrepreneurship, which are new drivers of the top 10 cities' economic growth, and they integrated organically. The report provides a concrete analysis on Beijing's continued leading position in innovation. It showed Beijing, as a national science and technology innovation center, has further strengthened itself, ranking first in the three top-level indicators of innovation resources, innovation services and innovation performance. Suzhou, Tianjin, Hangzhou and Xi'an rounded out the list.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "BEIJING - Nearly 2,500 cultural activities will be held throughout the 162-day International Horticultural Exhibition slated to open next Monday in Beijing. Besides large-scale activities such as the opening ceremony and the China Pavilion Day, visitors can also enjoy special activities like float parades and performances of world ethnic cultures, according to the organizer. \"These cultural activities are organized by more than 60 countries and international organizations, making the expo a great platform for diverse cultures across the globe and showing the harmony between humans and nature,\" said Wang Hong, deputy mayor of Beijing. Open from April 29 to Oct 7, the expo will exhibit flower, fruit and vegetable farming at the foot of the Great Wall in the capital's Yanqing district. All the preparation work including construction of the site as well as interior decoration for 110 official and 120 non-official exhibitors have been completed. This is the second time for China to hold such a high-level horticulture expo. The southwestern Chinese city of Kunming held the expo in 1999.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "BEIJING - A number of online accounts have been shut down this week for posting vulgar content, according to the Beijing cyberspace administration. The administration on Wednesday urged major online platforms to enforce the shutdowns to contribute to a healthier online environment. The platforms with closed accounts include the Twitter-like social media service Weibo, and WeChat, an instant messaging app. Most of the banned accounts posted entertainment industry gossip, while some were owned by famous paparazzi. The administration accused them of vulgarity and invading the piracy of celebrities among other issues. The shutdowns were enabled by the country's new cyber security law that was passed in November 2016 at the bimonthly session of the National People's Congress Standing Committee after a third reading, and went into effect on June 1. The administration released another statement Thursday, calling on the public to report vulgar content on the Internet to provide a safer online environment for teenagers, with summer vacation approaching. According to the statement, as of Thursday, a total of 11,798 pieces of vulgar content have been removed by the center for illegal and harmful online content in Beijing in 2017. The shutdown has aroused mixed reactions from the Internet users, with some applauding the action. \"I cannot stand the constant invasion of celebrities' privacy, and some of the gossip is completely made up,\" said \"Weierxiaojie\" on Weibo. \"It's so good to know that it has finally been taken down.\" Others were concerned about the potential concealment of misconduct in the entertainment industry. \"Now it is 'safer' for celebrities to misbehave,\" said Weibo user \"jilongfei\". Users also pointed out many more accounts posting vulgar content have not yet been shut down, asking for further action to clean up the online environment.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Construction began on Wednesday morning on a new intercity railway between Beijing and the Xiongan New Area that will shorten travel time to half an hour. The railway will be 92.4 kilometers long with an investment of 33.53 billion yuan ($5.29 billion). It will have five stations that begin at Liying Station along the Beijing-Kowloon Railway, and will run through Daxing district in Beijing, Beijing's new airport and Bazhou in Hebei province, ending in Xiongan. The Beijing section that runs from Liying to the new airport will begin service in September 2019, when the new airport opens. The design speed of the section will be 250 km/h. The section from the new airport to Xiongan will be put into operation by the end of 2020, with a design speed of 350 km/h. When the full railway is operational, the travel time from downtown Beijing to Xiongan will be reduced to half an hour. The Xiongan New Area, established in April 2017, is a new economic zone about 100 kilometers southwest of Beijing in Hebei. It is the third new area of national significance after the Shenzhen Special Economic Zone and the Shanghai Pudong New Area.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "BEIJING - Chinese Vice-President Wang Qishan said Tuesday that sound China-US economic and trade ties conformed to the fundamental interests of both peoples. Wang made the remarks here during a meeting with a group of US representatives who attended the 10th round of dialogue between Chinese and US business leaders and former officials. Saying the economic and trade relations featuring equality and mutual benefits were the ballast stone of China-US ties, Wang noted the essence of relations was win-win cooperation. He called on both sides to deepen their understanding, enhance trust, and settle differences through dialogue and negotiation. China would further deepen reform, open wider, improve its trade and investment environment, and release its market charm, he said, calling on business leaders and experts from the two countries to build consensus and promote the stable and healthy development of China-US economic and trade relations. The US representatives said good US-China economic and trade ties would promote the stable economic development of both countries and the world. They said the US business community would continue to promote communication and exchanges at all levels and seek solutions for win-win results through consultations.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "A new star-studded reality TV show is tapping into young Chinese people's love of basketball, Chen Nan reports. Chinese-American basketball player, Jeremy Lin has added a new string to his bow, landing his first role in a Chinese reality show, Dunk of China. \"Tipping off\" on Aug 18, the reality show, a co-production between video streaming platform Youku and Zhejiang Satellite TV, gathers more than 160 young Chinese amateur basketball players, who compete in rounds of 3-on-3 until one group is named the victor. The show will be aired weekly on both Youku and Zhejiang Satellite TV. Lin, the former LA Laker and current point guard for the Atlanta Hawks, along with Chinese celebrities including pop megastar Jay Chou from Taiwan, singer-actor Li Yifeng and national basketball team player Guo Ailun, will serve as one of the team captains in the reality show. The four celebrities will be divided into two groups and will lead the participants in their on-court showdowns.,The 29-year-old Lin is among the NBA's most popular players among fans in China. \"We've been seeing many talented and passionate young people in China who love basketball. They share my passion and dream about the game,\" says Lin in Beijing. Born to Taiwan immigrants and growing up in San Francisco, Lin earned himself the title of Northern California player of the year as a senior in high school. With no athletic scholarship offers, he attended Harvard University where he was an all-conference player in the Ivy League. Before the trappings of fame and NBA stardom found him, Lin was undrafted after college and slept on the couch in the living room of his brother's small apartment. \"In my career, I've experienced some bad moments but I always remind myself of my dream about playing basketball as a young boy,\" says Lin, adding that through the reality show, he not only wants to showcase the basketball playing techniques but also demonstrate the power of persistence. Lin says that he agreed to join in the show because of his friendship with Chou. In 2016, Lin appeared in Chou's music video for his song Turkish Ice Cream, which was recorded for Chou's 14th studio album, Jay Chou's Bedtime Stories. The music video, which has Lin playing the piano and even showing off some dance moves, received over 5 million views on You-Tube. Chou, 39, who wears many hats as a singer, songwriter, movie director and businessman, has displayed his love for basketball since high school. Back in 2000, on his debut album, Jay, he wrote and sang a song about a 3-on-3 basketball game, titled Basketball Match. He also starred in Chinese action-comedy movie, Kung Fu Dunk, in 2008. He made his Hollywood debut in 2011 with The Green Hornet, starring alongside Seth Rogen and Christoph Waltz as the eponymous hero's sidekick, Kato. In 2016, he played a role in the Hollywood movie, Now You See Me 2.,In 2013, Chou played one-on-one with NBA legend Kobe Bryant in Shanghai. This June, he co-launched JYB League, a 3-on-3 competition, which offers amateur players a platform to play the game. \"I'm not a professional basketball player, but I have been playing since I was a teenager. I was one of the members of my school team,\" says Chou in Beijing. \"I dreamed about getting off the bench and into the game. Though I didn't have the chance, I still love the game and continue to play recreationally. \"I can still recall the screams of the girls when the school team played on the basketball court and the music was loud. When we shot the reality show, it reminded me of my school years.\" This summer, Youku offered comprehensive coverage of the FIFA 2018 World Cup with live streaming of all 64 games, which attracted about 200 million viewers, as well as a number of programs produced exclusively to celebrate one of the world's most-watched sporting events. Dunk of China is one of the reality shows under the This Is... series by Youku, aimed at showcasing Chinese youth culture. Other shows include This Is Fighting Robots and Street Dance of China. According to Yi Hua, producer of Dunk of China, the reality show will offer the audience professional basketball knowledge, music and youth culture. \"We have been preparing the show for over a year and carried out more than 10,000 surveys on basketball culture in China. We found out that it is one of the most popular sports in the country, catering to people of different ages, occupations and regions,\" says Yi in Beijing. \"This show is aimed at showcasing the vitality of young Chinese people rather than producing stars like many other Chinese reality shows.\" She also mentions that besides the NBA, young audiences, especially those who were born after 1980, grew up reading Slam Dunk, a sports-themed manga series written and illustrated by Japanese artist Takehiko Inoue, which is a from-failure-to-success story of a Japanese high school basketball team.,\"Dunking is always the most amazing moment on the basketball court,\" Yi says. \"It's about courage, confidence and teamwork.\" Besides being broadcast online, the show is set to visit more than 200 universities in China this summer, to offer a wider platform to young Chinese basketball lovers, Yi adds. The producer says that the 3-on-3 game is gaining in popularity in China, which is why the reality show is based on the format. Last June, the International Olympic Committee approved the addition of a 3-on-3 basketball tournament to the 2020 Summer Olympics, which will be held in Tokyo. Moreover, in January, the Chinese Basketball Association announced it would stage another national 3-on-3 tournament in the buildup to the Tokyo Olympics, which will be open to amateurs and professionals alike. The winning team will also have the chance to play at the Games. CBA president Yao Ming said at a news conference for the Road to Olympics\u00a3\u00adNational 3-on-3 Basketball Tournament in Beijing this January, that he believes 3-on-3 has opened a new window of opportunity for Chinese basketball, because it is an emerging form of basketball that is new to almost every country in the world. Contact the writer at chennan@chinadaily.com.cn", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Lu Yan, a senior manager in a German company located in Shanghai's Jing'an district, loves everything about her job except for one aspect \u00a1\u00aa the two-hour commute to work from her home in the suburban Songjiang district every day. \"Every day I have to worry about whether I can book a ride using ride-sharing apps,\" said the 37-year-old. Lu is not alone in her struggles. Others like Chen Shouzhen have even resorted to finding another job just to avoid the pain of long commutes. \"The long distance has compromised the quality of my life and work. I have to do everything hastily, I have no time for entertainment or study, and I do not even have enough sleep,\" said the 23 year-old who used to have to take three modes of transportation \u00a1\u00aa shared bicycle, metro and shuttle bus \u00a1\u00aa to get to work. Tencent and Penguin Intelligence, a research arm of WeChat's developer Tencent Holdings Ltd, recently released a report on the state of transportation in major Chinese cities which showed that office workers in Beijing have to travel an average of 9.3 kilometers to work every day, the longest distance of all cities in China, according to the Shanghai Observer. The second spot went to Shanghai residents who have to travel an average of 8 km. However, based on specific groups of workers, those who live in Kunshan of the nearby Jiangsu province and travel to Shanghai for work clock the most mileage at over 40 km. The report also found that 3.2 percent of the commuters in Shanghai have to travel more than 25 km to work. Yang Diange, a professor who specializes in automotive engineering from Tsinghua University in Beijing, said that connected vehicles and autonomous driving could be one of the solutions to this problem in the future. While such technology would not reduce the distance people have to travel to work, it would help to reduce the time required. One of the arguments is that autonomous driving will make public transportation more convenient, reducing the need for people to own cars, which in turn reduces traffic volume and improves efficiency. Other proponents of autonomous driving point out that sophisticated radar and sensor technologies would help to make driving safer. This would in turn reduce the number of traffic accidents and improve transportation efficiency. \"The self-driving car will not only offer a completely new driving experience, but also change the entire automotive industry...the goal is to let driving become safer, easier and more enjoyable with the ADAS (advanced driver assistance system),\" said Frederick Fu, president of Avnet Asia-Pacific, a global distributor of electronic components and technology solutions provider. Yang added: \"Public transportation will be one of the first sectors to apply autonomous driving. (With the help of big data and AI) transportation efficiency would be greatly enhanced. \"Autonomous driving will surely become a reality sometime in the future. It will be a result of the maturing of technologies, laws and regulations.\" Li Qingwen, president of China Automobile Evaluation Academy, said that the greatest hurdle standing in the way of mass adoption of autonomous vehicles is not technology but laws and regulations. One of the biggest hurdles is accountability. With no one at the wheels of a completely autonomous vehicle, the act of assigning blame in the event of an accident becomes complicated. This aspect would also impact insurance claims. There are five levels of autonomous driving, with the fifth representing complete automation. Chinese experts expect half of the new cars in China to have a level one or two autonomous driving level by 2020. Experts also predict that between 10 and 20 percent of new cars in the country will be level three and four by 2025. By 2030, nearly 10 percent of the new cars will be level five. Between August 2014 and June 2017, some $76 billion was invested in autonomous vehicles globally, according to a new report from the Brookings Institution. Investment not only comes from major automakers like Daimler, BMW, Volkswagen, General Motors Co, Ford Motor Co, but also from tech players such as Intel, Apple Inc, and Baidu Inc. According to Navigant Research, 120 million autonomous cars will be sold globally between 2020 and 2035. Tests have already been launched in many states in the United States, and the breakthroughs in key technologies of autonomous driving will increase the popularity of this technology in cities globally, according to Yang. Guo Ren, associated director of research at Mintel, pointed out that major Chinese corporations and cities including Beijing and Shanghai are already working on paving roads for intelligent and connected car technologies. On March 1, China's first batch of car plates for autonomous vehicles was issued in Shanghai, allowing these vehicles to be test driven on a 5.6-km trial road in Jiading district. The road was recently extended to 12 km. According to the district's deputy head Lu Zufang, as many as 200 test sites for intelligent driving have been formed within the closed testing area. \"Shanghai is aiming to build a high-tech automobile sector that is intelligent and connected,\" said Huang Ou, deputy director of Shanghai Municipal Commission of Economy and Information Technology. \"Coming up with rules and regulations will be key to the automotive industry's ongoing transition.\" The automotive sector in Shanghai plays a big role in the city's economy, growing 19.1 percent year-on-year to 677.4 billion yuan ($106.7 billion) in revenue in 2017, accounting for 19.9 percent of the city's total industrial output value. The city's mayor pointed out that Shanghai will become a national connected car innovation center with global influence by 2020. In December, Beijing became China's first city to release rules with regard to the road testing of autonomous vehicles. To date, Beijing has decided to set aside 33 roads with a total length of 105 km for open road testing. Before autonomous driving is widely adopted, there should first be a stage where regular vehicles and autonomous vehicles are allowed to operate together on the roads as this would allow the artificial intelligence technologies in vehicles to gather sufficient data, said Hendrik Lee, technical general manager of China with u-blox, a Switzerland-based global positioning and wireless communication technologies provider. This year, SAIC Motor Corp Ltd, the largest auto company on China's A-share market, is planning to release mass-produced cars equipped with intelligent driving technologies to help reduce traffic jams, solve parking difficulties and boost driving safety. Since 2013, SAIC has tested intelligent driving in closed laboratories, roads, expressways, underground parking garages and other designated areas. The vehicle testing distance totaled 50,000 km. According to Yang, China faces bigger challenges than other countries in applying autonomous driving technology because of its size and complicated road and traffic conditions. However, these challenges could also prove to be an opportunity, he added. \"Once China overcomes all the difficulties, its model can be applied quickly worldwide,\" he said. The Ministry of Industry and Information Technology has set a goal that half of China's new cars and vehicles will be intelligent by 2020 as wireless networks will be able to cover 90 percent of cars in major Chinese cities, and all cars will have access to China's home-grown satellite navigation system BeiDou. \"China has yet to become a leader in this sector, but it has surprised the world in many different sectors before,\" said Fu. There are about 200 million automotive vehicles across China, or 150 units per 1,000 people, which is much lower than 800 units per 1,000 people in the US and between 500 and 600 units in Japan and South Korea. \"The revolution of autonomous cars is approaching, and it will only come true with the joint efforts of the automotive and scientific sectors and related industries,\" said Li.", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "The 2018 Visiting Program for Young Sinologists (VPYS) kicked off in Beijing with an opening ceremony on Friday. During the three-week program, 38 sinologists from 34 countries, including the US, Germany, France, South Korea and Botswana, will conduct research and study in several institutes in Beijing and visit China's Guizhou province to study local rural culture and development. Hosted by the Ministry of Culture and Tourism and the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, the program has successfully taken place three times since 2014 and received very positive feedback. Five young sinologists shared their stories during the ceremony. Zhu Qi, deputy director of the Foreign Affairs Bureau at China's Ministry of Culture and Tourism, stressed the significance of young talent in sinology. \"I sincerely hope all participants will achieve academic success and also foster friendship among fellow scholars.\" American participant David Solomon said his passion for understanding China began more than a decade ago. \"It is a privilege to spend this month participating in VPYS \u00a1\u00aa a unique opportunity to work with a diverse group of scholars and practitioners who are passionate and curious about China and its relationship to the rest of the world,\" he said. David Castrillon, an international relations professor and researcher from Colombia, said the program brought him in contact with eminent Chinese thinkers. \"Furthermore, it will serve as an important step in my goal of making Colombia and Colombians see China and Chinese not only as partners but as true friends.\" This year's visiting program, taking place in six cities, will reach over 200 sinologists. After the lectures and field trip in China, participants may complete their theses on related fields within three months.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "The Ministry of Commerce will accelerate the implementation of opening-up measures that President Xi Jinping pledged at the Boao Forum for Asia Annual Conference 2018 and seek enhanced cooperation with Belt and Road economies and international organizations, a top official said on Thursday. Vice-Minister of Commerce Qian Keming made the remarks at the Belt & Road Trade and Investment Forum in Beijing, echoing President Xi's promise on Tuesday about advancing the building of a community with a shared future for humankind. China will ramp up efforts to develop e-commerce in countries and regions participating in the Belt and Road Initiative, and help related economies integrate into globalization, Qian said. China will also boost regional economic cooperation and promote free trade areas, Qian said. \"We will set up high-standard FTAs with countries and regions that have the willingness to do so,\" Qian added. Between 2013 and 2017, trade between China and Belt and Road economies totaled more than $5 trillion, and outbound direct investment exceeded $70 billion, according to the ministry. To further promote the initiative, China and the International Monetary Fund launched the China-IMF Capacity Development Center in Beijing on Thursday. The center will offer training courses for Belt and Road economies including China, according to a statement from the People's Bank of China. \"The Belt and Road Initiative can serve as a powerful platform for economic growth and regional cooperation, involving more than 4 billion people living in Asia, Europe and Africa,\" said United Nations Resident Coordinator Nicholas Rosellini. \"Inclusiveness and win-win outcomes, at the core of the initiative, have to be proactively integrated in the BRI outcomes,\" he said at the 2018 High-Level Policy Forum on Global Governance in Guangzhou. \"The initiative will aim not only to contribute to the achievement of the goals of participating economies in the areas of basic infrastructure, regional development, connectivity and industrialization, but also extend and upgrade the initiative to explicitly aim for a sustainable transformation of the economies along the initiative with poverty reduction, environmental sustainability and inclusive social development at its core, key elements for the success of the initiative in the long-term.\" He also noted that there are common barriers to achieving the aims of the BRI, such as a lack of understanding of the investing countries' priorities, policies and regulations, communication barriers due to the cultural differences, and barriers due to environmental and social concerns.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "BEIJING - The Beijing municipal government will start providing financial subsidies to kindergartens this year in efforts to improve services without raising fees. The municipal government said Wednesday that it would provide 1,000 yuan (154 US dollars) per child a month to the city's first-class public kindergartens, and 700 yuan per child a month to other kindergartens. The government will for the first time also allow private kindergartens to join the kindergarten rating held by district education commissions. In the past, only public kindergartens could join the rating, which is often related to different levels of government subsidies. The municipal government has reinforced supervision over kindergartens after a teacher from a private kindergarten allegedly abused children. The teacher surnamed Liu, at the RYB Education New World kindergarten in Chaoyang District, was arrested in December 2017, after the procuratorate of Beijing Chaoyang District pressed charges against Liu, accusing her of using sewing needles to \"discipline\" children who would not sleep. The child abuse scandal caused widespread public outrage. The government said it would provide incentives to both public and private kindergartens starting this year, to increase enrollment by giving 10,000 yuan for increasing the student quota by one. It will also offer rental subsidies to kindergartens, of 5 yuan per square meter per day, to increase space. For private kindergartens to enjoy the subsidies, they must register as non-profit kindergartens and can only charge fees in accordance with the government guiding prices. The kindergartens are not allowed to raise fees to provide extra services or classes.", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "Beijing's environmental watchdog has vowed to further bolster cross-regional control of air pollution and to better manage pollution sources at a more detailed level as the capital saw continuous improvement of its air quality in 2018. The capital saw the average density of PM2.5 particulate matter drop by about 12 percent year-on-year to 51 micrograms per cubic meter in 2018, said Liu Baoxian, deputy head of the environmental monitoring center at the Beijing Municipal Ecology and Environment Bureau. Liu spoke at a news conference on Friday. Other major air pollutants also decreased. The concentration of sulfur dioxide, for example, stood at 6 mg per cubic meter, down by 25 percent from 2017. Its density remained below 10 mg/cu m, even during the cold months when the increased need for heating can drive up pollution, Liu said. The number of days with heavy pollution in the capital dropped from 58 in 2013 to only 15 last year. The past year also saw 195 consecutive days without heavy air pollution, 108 more than 2013. Shi Aijun, deputy head of Beijing Municipal Research Institute of Environmental Protection, said PM2.5 density in the capital peaked at 244 mg/cu m in 2018, down by 46 percent year-on-year. Xing Jia, associate professor from the School of Environment, Tsinghua University, said their research and calculations showed about half of the capital's air quality improvement in the past five years came from reduction of local emissions. While favorable meteorological conditions contributed 30 percent of the improvement, decrease of pollutant discharges in nearby regions also helped, Xing said. In Hebei province, the PM2.5 concentration dropped 12.5 percent last year, according to preliminary results from the provincial environmental authority. Almost 1.8 million households in the province turned to natural gas and electricity as heating sources instead of highly polluting coal. Almost 6,500 coal-burning boilers with a capacity of about 12,700 metric tons of steam energy were eliminated in 2018. In Beijing, about a third of air pollutants in 2018 were from outside the city, according the Beijing bureau. Among the locally generated pollutants, emissions from vehicles, dust and industrial emissions contributed about 45, 16 and 12 percent, respectively. Though diesel trucks represent only about 4 percent of total internal combustion engines in Beijing, they contributed 90 percent of the particular matter from such engines. Bureau officials said they have taken tailored measures based on their research. While establishing a monitoring network that targets dust, they also are better managing diesel trucks. They say they have weeded out 47,000 such trucks and established a database that includes 145,000 trucks with excessive emissions. Li Kunsheng, head of vehicle emission management, said trucks in the database that are registered in other regions will be forbidden from entering the capital. Li said his department will carry out surprise inspections of those with local plates to ensure owners rectify their violations. Li Xiang, the Beijing authority's director of air pollution management, said that during three decades, the biggest part of their work was reducing coal consumption and shutting down small polluting enterprises. With most of that work completed, Beijing now has to turn to more detailed management to further cut pollution.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "The main structure of the high-speed expressway connecting the Beijing Daxing International Airport to the capital completed construction on Sunday. That means the ground transport lines connecting to the new airport have been completed, overcoming many construction challenges, according to CCTV reports on Sunday. Four bridges on three major transport lines connecting the new airport had completed swivel construction at 2 am on Sunday after 90-minutes of night work, CCTV reported. The total weight of the four bridges is about 10,000 tons, with 70 degrees of maximum rotation, local authorities said. Zhang Yanduo, expressway project manager of the new airport from the Beijing Infrastructure Investment Co., said the implementation of the rotation plan for four bridges in synchronization on the expressway is the first of its kind at home and abroad. Major challenges include that the window for rotation is only 90 minutes due to the busy transportation activity on the Beijing-Shanghai railway, which passes through the project construction areas. The time for construction has to be accurate to even single seconds. Located on the border of Beijing and Langfang, North China's Hebei province, the new airport, which will be the capital's second international airport, aims to be a transportation hub amid the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region when construction is completed.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "The United States' violation of World Trade Organization principles could endanger multilateralism, while China has been firmly obeying WTO rules to safeguard the global trade system, experts said. Concerns have arisen over escalating trade conflicts between the two sides, which would lead to a situation where normal trade disputes are solved by unilateral action rather than multilateral procedures, they said. US tariff measures under Section 301 of US Trade Act of 1974 have violated the rules and principles of the WTO in three respects, said Xiao Jin, a partner at King & Wood Mallesons, a Beijing-headquartered multinational law firm. \"First, it is a violation of the principle of most favored nation status, as the US announced additional tariffs targeting only China but not any other countries,\" he said. Most favored nation status is essentially a method of establishing equality of trading opportunity among states by making originally bilateral agreements multilateral. \"Second, the announced 25 percent tariffs on Chinese imports exceed the maximum rates the US has committed to under the WTO,\" Xiao said. \"Third, under the exclusive jurisdiction of the WTO dispute settlement system, any attempt to seek redress must be made in the institutional framework of the WTO only.\" Xiao said the US has been vetoing the appointment of new members to the WTO's Appellate Body since last year, which will destroy the dispute settlement mechanism in the near future and damage the multilateral dispute settlement mechanism. Zhang Xiangchen, China's ambassador to the WTO, agreed. He said in a written statement that the US has \"gravely undermined the foundation of the WTO and put the WTO in unprecedented danger\". In stark contrast, China has been firmly defending the multilateral system and seeking redress via WTO procedures to solve trade disputes. Shortly after the unilateral moves by the US, China filed requests for consultation under the WTO dispute settlement framework over the US tariff proposals against China under the Section 301 investigation and Section 232 of the US Trade Expansion Act of 1962. \"As the US refused to negotiate in accordance with WTO rules, China has to initiate the dispute settlement procedure to defend its rights and interests,\" China's Ministry of Commerce said in an online statement. There have been 137 cases against the US at the WTO, accounting for around a quarter of the total cases handled by the organization, according to the statistics offered by Xiao. The data showed that, of the 80 cases for which the WTO has issued rulings, the US lost 69 of them, being held to have violated WTO rules. This number is far more than that of China. US pursuit of \"fair trade\", which underlines \"absolute fairness\", is parochial, said Dong Yan, director of the International Trade Office at Institute of World Economics and Politics of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences. \"It not only asks for the same competitive environment as other countries for US producers, but also requires other economies to impose the same level of tariffs and achieve the same level of opening-up as the US.\"", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Chinese sports technology company Keep will open more brick-and-mortar fitness rooms as part of its broader effort to cash in on consumers' growing enthusiasm for sports, its CEO Wang Ning said. The comments came after the three-year-old startup raised $1.27 billion from cash-rich investors including Goldman Sachs and Tencent Holdings Ltd. \"Offline fitness rooms, called Keepland, are where our online users can meet each other and get help from coaches to improve their exercises,\" Wang said. \"We will open about 10 such rooms in Beijing by the end of this year. In the future, we hope each city will have such a place.\" Started as an app offering workout tutorials, Keep is working hard to branch into new services, in the hope of building an ecosystem that centers on quality sports content. \"User-generated fitness content is one of our biggest advantages,\" Wang said. So far, Keep has around 150 million registered users. Keep opened its first offline Keepland in Beijing to turn some of its online users into offline communities, which can help cultivate user loyalty and fuel their enthusiasm. \"We have also unveiled a smart treadmill that comes with a tailor-made operating system which can better track users' exercise data and help optimize their training programs,\" Wang said. Priced at 1,999 yuan ($290), the treadmill is designed as an item of hardware that can link consumers with other smart wearables at home. Its sales have exceeded 10,000 since its launch in March. The Beijing-based company is also preparing to launch a virtual coaching service, by leveraging artificial intelligence technology. By combining all the exercise data from online users, as well as smart health and fitness facilities, the company said it hopes virtual coaching services can help more consumers access personalized coaching services at a relatively low cost. Such ambitions were unveiled after the company finished its series D financing, led by Goldman Sachs. Other investors include internet heavyweight Tencent, GGV Capital and Morningside. Zhang Kaixun, managing director of Goldman Sachs, said: \"Amid the current wave of consumption upgrading, sport has a huge potential market. By better integrating online and offline services, Keep can influence the lifestyle of young people.\" The company is also exploring overseas markets, with its international versions now supporting more than 10 languages including English, German, Japanese and Spanish. To better build its brand, Keep also held offline activities in Beijing earlier this month to celebrate the 10th anniversary of the 2008 Beijing Summer Olympics and to encourage more young people to keep fit. During the past years, China has witnessed stunning growth in the sports industry linked to digital and online merchandise. A report released last year by iResearch showed the total Chinese active users of online sports and fitness products had exceeded 350 million. Chinese internet heavyweights such as Alibaba Group Holding Ltd, Tencent and Xiaomi Corp have also expanded their presence in the sector through acquisitions or partnerships. Backed by government policies, high-tech equipment and products are being rolled out to help people stay healthy. Custom-made fitness programs are also in vogue. \"With the rapid development of new technologies, including big data and the internet of things, smart sports will enable a more personalized and smarter exercising experience,\" said Chen Gang, director of the Jiangsu provincial sport bureau.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "\"Uruguay is involved in the Belt and Road Initiative, and it looks forward to more cultural exchanges with China,\" said Casavalle Bonilla Agustina, first secretary in charge of Culture Affairs for Uruguay Embassy in China, during the China International Musical Instruments Expo and the second Belt and Road Commercial and Cultural Exchange Forum held in Bengbu city, East China's Anhui province, from Dec 1 to 2.,Uruguay is a country in the southeastern region of South America. It borders Argentina to its west and Brazil to its north and east. \"Most Chinese people are familiar with Uruguay soccer players, and soccer is indeed the most popular sport in Uruguay. However, our country has more to offer,\" said Agustina. According to her, Uruguay has cooperated with China's Ministry of Culture and Education this year. Both sides agreed to build a Chinese cultural center in Uruguay and set up a learning center at Beijing Jiaotong University to spread Uruguay culture. Also, the first Confucius Institute has been unveiled to the locals in Uruguay.,Ignacio Perez Gomar, a young artist from Uruguay, was a highlight of the expo. As an art talent, he began turning sand into art works since he was a child. \"It is the first time I have been to China. I think this is a beautiful country and I enjoyed the experience,\" he said, adding that \"Through my art work, I want to show the loving and passionate inner world to all the people.\" Agustina said that many of Gomar's artworks can give a boost to people-to-people exchanges between China and Uruguay, and also make Uruguay cultural accessible more to Chinese people.,During his stay to China, he has offered a visual feast to people in Beijing, Tianjin and Bengbu. It is worth noting that Nanjing-based Anben Studio will hold an opening ceremony for his work in January. The year 2018 marks the 30th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic ties between China and Uruguay. Uruguay was the first country in the Latin American region to sign a cooperation agreement with China on the Belt and Road Initiative.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "The United States' capricious way of policymaking and holding \"big sticks\" for negotiations will do no good in solving problems and China has to take strong countermeasures, the Ministry of Commerce said on Thursday. Gao Feng, spokesman of the ministry, said the two sides had achieved positive outcome in agriculture and energy sectors during previous talks in both Washington in May and in Beijing early this month.  \"The two sides once agreed to have another round of talk on manufacturing and service sectors and hold a detailed discussion on the structural issue in the following days,\" Gao said. \"However, we are deeply sorry that the US has been acting unpredictably with its policymaking and has triggered a trade war.\" Gao said the outcome from the previous talks had been positive and productive, but China had to respond in a strong manner because the US government was being unpredictable and challenging. \"The US is accustomed to negotiating with others while holding 'big sticks',\" Gao added. \" But it does not work for China, and such irrational behavior will do no good in solving any issue.\"", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Improved political and business ties supported by factors like cultural events and new business models will boost long-term people-to-people exchanges and tourist flow between China and Austria, experts said. More than 973,000 Chinese tourists visited Austria in 2018, up 8 percent year-on-year, while more than 70,000 Austrians visitors came to China. That is the highest one-year tally since the two governments signed a tourism cooperation agreement in 2010, data from China Tourism Academy show. \"Austria has an excellent reputation in China as a cultural superpower and deservedly so,\" said Dai Bin, head of the Beijing-based academy. He said the signs were good for strong development. Dai said many Austrian orchestras have performed regularly in China. Artworks from both the past and present have been showcased in China and Austrian artists have held many successful exhibitions. Eager to grab more market share, China's Hainan Airlines began to operate a direct flight from Shenzhen to Vienna in October last year. A report released by Beijing Normal University in March forecasted that about 1 million Chinese tourists will visit Austria in 2019. According to the research, the majority of Chinese tourists heading overseas had medium to high incomes, with three-fourths each spending between 5,000 to 20,000 yuan ($745 to $2,980) on travel to Europe last year. Many tend to choose self-planned and customized vacations, as well as sport-related holidays. Zhang Yuxin, professor of business at Nankai University in Tianjin, said much of the growth in Austria's tourism was being driven by visitors from Asia. Asian visitors included tourists from China, South Korea and India. Thanks to their growing disposable incomes, demand has grown for in-depth travel, not only to major cities, but also to towns and the countryside. According to China Tourism Academy's findings, Vienna, Tyrol, Salzburg and Upper Austria became popular destinations for Chinese tourists in the country last year. About 56 percent of those tourists chose to stay in five- and four-star hotels. \"We also found that many Chinese tourists prefer to visit Austria, Germany and Switzerland together when making their travel plans because they are closer to each other and can share the air routes,\" Zhang said. \"The rapid advances in information technology in recent years give Chinese users instant access to real-time information on almost any topic,\" he added. Zhang said Austria has started to develop the peer-to-peer economy and new online payment approaches to cater to Chinese tourists.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Premier Li Keqiang delivered the government work report at the second session of the 13th National People's Congress that opened in Beijing on Tuesday. Here are the major 2019 tasks from the report.,Key points: -- Host the second China International Import Expo. -- Shorten the negative list for foreign investment. -- Expand the China(Shanghai) Pilot Free Trade Zone, step up the building of the China (Hainan) Pilot Free Trade Zone, and explore the opening of a free trade port with Chinese features. -- Host the second Belt and Road Forum for International Cooperation. -- Continue to promote China-US trade negotiations.,Key points: -- Central government spending on education will exceed one trillion yuan. -- Raise the reimbursement rate from 50 to 60 percent. -- Make sure we are ready for the 2020 Olympic and Paralympic Games, undertake detailed planning and preparatory work for the 2022 Winter Olympics and Paralympics in Beijing, and host a successful Seventh World Military Games. -- Intensify the special campaign to root out organized crime and local mafia.,Key points: -- Reduce the current rate of 16 percent in manufacturing and other industries to 13 percent, and lower the rate in the transportation, construction, and other industries from 10 to 9 percent. -- Reduce the tax burdens on and social insurance contributions of enterprises by nearly 2 trillion yuan. -- 2.15 trillion yuan of special local government bonds will be issued, an 800 billion yuan increase on last year. -- Use multiple channels to achieve stable and expanding employment.,Key points: -- Lower electricity costs in manufacturing, and cut the average electricity price for general industrial and commercial businesses by another 10 percent. -- Within two years, almost all expressway toll booths will be removed at provincial borders.,Key points: --Speed up efforts to pursue Internet Plus initiatives in all industries and sectors. -- Average broadband service rates for small and medium enterprises will be lowered by another 15 percent, and average rates for mobile internet services will be further cut by more than 20 percent. -- Implement preferential tax policies such as raising the VAT threshold from 30,000 to 100,000 yuan in monthly sales for small-scale taxpayers. -- Establish a science and technology innovation board that will pilot an IPO registration system.,Key points: -- Fully implement the revised Individual Income Tax Law. -- Take significant steps to develop elderly care, especially community elderly care services. -- Encourage private actors to run childcare and early childhood education agencies. -- Continue preferential policies on the purchase of new-energy vehicles. -- 800 billion yuan will be invested in railway construction, 1.8 trillion yuan will be invested in road construction and waterway projects.,Key points: -- Move toward completion of the 13th Five-Year Plan's construction tasks for planned relocations of poor populations from inhospitable areas, and strengthen follow-up support. -- Speed up reform and innovation in agricultural technologies, make a big push to develop a modern seed industry, implement programs to protect agricultural products with geographical indications, and advance the mechanization of entire agricultural production processes. -- Expand the use of practices proven successful through trials of rural land requisitions, marketing rural collective land for development purposes, and reforming the system of rural residential land.,Key points: -- Facilitate Northeast China's full revitalization, central China's rise, and East China's trailblazing development. -- Give priority to relieving Beijing of functions of nonessential to its role as the capital and on developing the Xiongan New Area according to high standards. -- Developing the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area. -- Elevate the integrated development of the Yangtze River Delta to the status of national strategy.,Key points: -- Sulfur dioxide and nitrogen oxide emissions will be cut by 3 percent. -- Achieve a 2-percent drop in both chemical oxygen demand and ammonia nitrogen emissions.,Key points: -- Enterprises under all forms of ownership will be treated on an equal footing. -- Prudently advance legislation on real estate tax. -- Reform and improve the structure of the financial system, and develop private and community banks, to better serve the real economy.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "When Italian sculptor Dionisio Cimarelli arrived in Beijing via the trans-Siberian train at the age of 21, he might have been one of the first foreign artists to visit China after it was opened to the outside world in the mid-1970s. \"That was a very incredible trip, and I spent four months traveling and gathering information for my college thesis in China,\" said Cimarelli in his studio at the Art Students League of New York, where he teaches sculpture. \"At that time, it was very unusual to visit China\u00a3\u00adnot many people went there.\" Following the path of Matteo Ricci, the Italian adventurer who is believed to be the first Jesuit missionary to set foot in Beijing's Forbidden City in 1601, Cimarelli didn't finish his journey in China after his short visit in 1986. He went back in 2004 and that time stayed for 10 years. \"When I went back to China in 2004, I was very fascinated by the changes in China,\" Cimarelli said, adding that in those days China was a relatively poor country that was coming out of difficult economic and cultural times. He recalled that in the mid-1980s, China had not yet fully opened to international travelers and it was difficult for foreign scholars like him to obtain a visitor's visa longer than two weeks. China was still a developing country with many people living under the poverty level. Before China's reform and opening-up in 1978, people needed an invitation or work permit approved by the government to travel to China, Cimarelli explained. Asked about the biggest changes he observed over the past three decades, Cimarelli laughed. \"The changes are incredible, too many, I don't know where to start,\" he said. In large cities like Shanghai and Beijing, the skyscrapers are everywhere, the improvements to China's infrastructure are unbelievable, and there are many more cars and traffic now. \"The change is everything, especially the people. When I went to China the first time, people they were dressing in green and blue, and now Chinese people are dressing like anyone else in the world, very fashionable.\" In terms of art, China has also changed a lot, he said. Back in the 1980s, China's artists were largely influenced by the Soviet art. However, when he went back in 2004 he was excited to see that Chinese artists were starting to interact and exchange with artists from different countries around the world and galleries were full of Western art.,In his own art, Cimarelli said he tried to combine aesthetic elements of Chinese culture with his Western techniques. In 2010, at the invitation of the Italian government, Cimarelli spent more than six months creating a five-foot-tall (1.5 meters) bronze sculpture of Matteo Ricci for the Italy Pavilion at the Shanghai World Expo. \"I've been inspired by the story of Matteo Ricci since I went to China for the first time,\" Cimarelli said. \"And Matteo Ricci was coming from the same region as me, a small city that is very close to where I was born, so the opportunity to make a sculpture of him was a great honor to me.\" He said he used Western sculpture materials and techniques and added gilded Chinese calligraphy to the work. The characters are actually Cimarelli's name written in Chinese. \"When I was in Italy, I'd been working a lot with ceramics, and I always liked it a lot,\" he said. \"But when I went to China, I wanted to make something that represents Chinese culture, and when anybody thinks about China, they think about porcelains. \"So, I moved to Jingdezhen (a town in Jiangxi province famous for Chinese porcelain) and opened my own studio and worked there for a couple of years to make my series of porcelain sculptures. \"It was very difficult and challenging for me,\" added Cimarelli, who had experience in ceramics but knew nothing about Chinese porcelains at the time. \"It was totally different.\" Since then, he has been making contemporary figurative sculptures in Chinese porcelain. His works include a standing child and a broken African mask, peppered with the gilded calligraphy of his name. Having witnessed the great changes that reform and opening-up have brought to China, Cimarelli is confident about the benefits the Belt and Road Initiative will bring to both Italy and China in the future. Italy once played an important role in the ancient Silk Road, and has had a long history of close cultural ties with China since the Middle Ages when Marco Polo (1254-1324) traveled there, he said. \"It's great for trade, as the Silk Road already was fantastic more than two thousand years ago,\" said Cimarelli. \"The exchange between different cultures is like a bridge between peoples. \"We learn from each other and exchange ideas\u00a3\u00adthat is the attitude of Matteo Ricci when he visited China. He didn't go to China for teaching, but for learning.\" Cimarelli said he had the same attitude when he visited China\u00a3\u00adto get exposed to a new culture, to learn from it, to exchange ideas, not to impose his own culture on Chinese people. \"China is like my second home country,\" Cimarelli said and showed off his Chinese by saying \"I love China\" in Mandarin. \"Of course I hope to go back to China in the future, anytime, I'm always looking for cooperation and exchange projects.\"", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "A long winter, an isolated Greek island, a stone house, a lonely old man \u00a1\u00ad this is where the story for the song Constant Abstract Arrivals and Constant Concrete Departures began. During the singer-songwriter Lucy Cheung's many travels, she encountered a Dutch man who chose a life of seclusion. Initially intending to start a new life in Greece with his beloved, he started to build this cozy little nest, but by the time the construction finished, the woman was gone. Singing in Cantonese, Cheung relates to her own life experiences and expresses her empathy in this song. The song serves as the title track of Cheung's second album A Maudlin Geometry, released by Modernsky Entertainment, a Beijing-based record company. Born in Guangzhou, Guangdong province, in 1979, having lived in Beijing for 10 years, currently based in London and frequently traveling to other parts of the world, Cheung writes songs in multiple languages-Cantonese, English and Mandarin. While rooted in folk, her music is influenced by the various styles she was exposed to while growing up. \"I have been very significantly influenced by classical music. I remember when I was little, everyday, my father would play classical music cassettes or turn on the radio,\" Cheung says. Another major influence comes from the world of jazz. \"I started to listen to a lot of jazz music when I was in high school, influenced by a radio program in Guangdong. Everyone in China knows about the heavy assignments you get given by school right before you enter university, but I found this radio station. It was my oasis, my darling, my little place of escape.\" For this new album, Cheung participated in the arrangement of each song. She also recorded all of the classical guitar accompaniment and some of the electric guitar tracks.,As a child, she was enchanted by a toy guitar she had when she was only 3 years old. Then, in the next year, she got her first real guitar. \"I always call my guitar my soul mate. I'm sometimes hurt by people, but my guitar has never betrayed me. It's always there. I can just hold it in my arms and express myself through my guitar, and then I heal myself,\" Cheung says. However, she chose songwriting as a career instead of becoming a professional musician, a lifestyle that allowed her more time to travel and explore. She kept on writing and recording songs, and released her first album, Post Teen, in 2016. For Cheung, music is a private space, where she does not have to make compromises. In 2006, Cheung first visited the island of Kos in Greece, which she calls \"the edge of the world\", before moving and living there between 2010 and 2012. \"It's very clear, very pure. The house I lived in at that time had no neighborhood, and was very close to the sea, so I sort of had my own private beach,\" Cheung says. The majority of the songs on the new album were written during her stay in Greece, with a self-reflection during that phase of her life. So far, the songs have received positive comments from Cheung's listeners. One user of music streaming app, Xiami, named \"Porsia,\" says: \"(Her) music and voice are both mesmerizing.\" Another listener, \"Dabuyang,\" says Cheung has \"extraordinary personal style, incredible guitar skills\", and is \"the most wonderful surprise of the year\". In September, A Maudlin Geometry was selected among the \"editor's picks\" on Apple Music, and Cheung performed her first British gig at The Water Rats pub, a well-known live music venue where the likes of Bob Dylan, The Pogues and Oasis made their London debut. Cheung has planned a Chinese tour, beginning in March and taking in the cities of Tianjin, Beijing and Changsha in 2019. She has also vowed to continue writing, composing and traveling her way through the year.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Foreign diplomats who have witnessed the Three-North Shelterbelt Forest Program have praised China for providing good examples of environmental protection and methods of transforming harsh terrains into viable areas of cultivation. \"Poverty alleviation and social development are important issues in my country,\" said Fernando Lugris, Uruguay's ambassador to China. \"China is helping us to solve them, and we would love to work with the Chinese government on further developments in sustainable use.\" Mashudu Silimela, the agriculture, forestry and fisheries counselor at the South African embassy in Beijing, said his country faces a serious water shortage, and soil erosion is also a major issue. \"Planting apple and walnut trees has provided an effective way for my country to solve environmental issues and preserve our water and soil,\" he said. Rainer Klepper, counselor for food and agriculture at the German embassy in Beijing, has been impressed by the developments he has witnessed in China. He added that Germany needs to consider implementing afforestation programs, but said the government has not explained the relationship between the programs and people's living standards clearly enough. He said he believes that China also needs to raise awareness of the issues, because many people regard forests and woodlands as sources of materials, such as wood, and do not understand the important role they can play in maintaining living standards. Sustainable development is as important in Germany as it is in China, and it is important to protect limited resources across the world, he said.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "HELSINKI - Each year, two large scale firework shows are held in Helsinki, the capital of Finland. One is on New Year's Eve, the other on the Chinese Lunar New Year's Eve. The Spring Festival celebrated in Finland, highlighted by the Helsinki Temple Fair, adds lively colors, cheerful laughter and harmonious atmosphere to this Nordic country when the long, dark winter prevails. The annual event becomes now part of the Happy Spring Festival, a universal celebration for Chinese Lunar New Year across the globe. However, the Helsinki Temple Fair has its own course. It was created in 2007 following an agreement reached between Helsinki and Beijing, and has ever since been gaining popularity among local citizens around Helsinki.,The 12th edition of Helsinki Temple Fair kicked off on Thursday evening as the drum beat of the dragon and lion dance gathered hundreds of people downtown. The dragon pilots were a group of Finnish youngsters keen on Kong Fu. The parade then marched to the main promenade in the central shopping district, where an outdoor show was on stage for four hours despite the freezing temperature. The performance was given by Beijing National Orchestra, Long Yun Martial Arts Group and Beijing City Contemporary Dance Company, all arriving in Finland only days before. Dozens of booths demonstrating Chinese folklores were put up along the promenade. At the booth of Beijing Tourism Committee, people were seen lining up for trying on dramatic costumes, while others were sightseeing Chinese tourism attractions with VR glasses. At the booth of the Finnish food company Atria, visitors queued for the braised pork snacks cooked in Chinese style. One of the chefs said over 2,000 plates were handed out in just four hours. The company recently got the license to export raw pork to China, and became the first time sponsor of the Temple Fair. Twelve newly carved zodiac ice sculptures were seen placed in various locations, including the railway station square, pedestrian streets, and the commercial centers. On an ice ring at the railway station square, girls from Finnish figure skating clubs danced against the musical background of Chinese theatrical singing. Approaching 18:00 local time, or 00:00 Beijing time, Chinese Ambassador to Finland Chen Li and the Mayor of Helsinki Jan Vapaavuori addressed a thousands-strong audience and led the countdown to the Chinese Lunar New Year. Synchronized with the New Year bells ringed in Beijing, fireworks were set off at the temple fair venue in Helsinki. Two hours later, a massive firework show was given near the Toolo Bay 500 meters away. Like in previous years, it was estimated that some 40,000 viewers took part in the event on Thursday. As no more than 5,000 Chinese nationals live in the capital city of Finland, the Temple Fair has obviously become an indispensable festival for locals in Helsinki's winter calendar.,In an interview with Xinhua, Vapaavuori said the celebration used to take place on only one street but the venue extended to the nearby squares this year. In the past 11 years, a temple fair was held and completed in one evening, but this year's celebration lasted half a month. An event named \"Happy Spring Festival - Beijing Week\" took place in Helsinki in late January, focusing on startup competitions, technology seminars and business match-making. For the first time in 12 years, the issues of business, technology and sports, among others, were put into the Spring Festival basket of Helsinki. \"Chinese New Year celebration is getting bigger and bigger in Helsinki,\" said Vapaavuori. In the Chinese zodiac system, the period of twelve years concludes a cycle. As the Year of Dog arrives, analysts believe that the Spring Festival, originating from China, has gone beyond borders and to some extent has become a cultural event shared by the world. Ma Wen, deputy inspector of the Beijing Municipal Bureau of Culture, said that the celebration of Spring Festival particularly in Finland has developed in a natural way where the local partners play a key role and the event is broadly accepted by Finns. \"Beijing is the only sister city of Helsinki, and Finns regard Chinese people as friends,\" said Vapaavuori.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Li Chengxiang, a renowned Chinese choreographer and former head of the National Ballet of China, died on Dec 14 at the age of 87 in Beijing after a long illness. One of his most famous choreographic works is Red Detachment of Women, China's first original ballet production, which premiered in the capital in 1964 and is best known in the West as the ballet performed for former US president Richard Nixon during his visit to China in 1972. Based on a film by the same name, it tells the story of a rural girl, Wu Qionghua, who escapes a life of slavery and joins an all-female Communist Party army battalion led by commander Hong Changqing on Hainan Island during the civil war in the early 1930s. Li also played the ruthless landlord Nan Ba Tian in Red Detachment of Women then. \"Ballet in China has a nearly 60-year history. The key to Chinese ballet's growing popularity is its interest in telling homegrown stories and Red Detachment of Women is a landmark in the history of Chinese ballet,\" said Feng Ying, head of the National Ballet of China. \"Li had made great contribution to the development of China's ballet.\" Feng notes that Red Detachment of Women is still popular today among middle-aged people and the younger generation, and has been touring worldwide. The National Ballet of China staged the ballet in Spain on Dec 5, marking the 45th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic relations between the two countries. \"Different generations of ballet dancers of the National Ballet of China perform the classic piece, which is a legacy left by Li,\" Feng adds. Feng graduated from the Beijing Dance Academy in 1979 and joined the National Ballet of China the same year. In 1980, she played the leading role in the ballet production Lin Daiyu, choreographed by Li, which was based on the main character, Lin Daiyu, in Qing Dynasty (1644-1911) writer Cao Xueqin's classic Chinese novel, Dream of the Red Chamber. Li, who was born in Harbin, Northeast China's Heilongjiang province, graduated from North China University, the predecessor of Renmin University of China, with a major of theater, and started working with the Central Academy of Drama as a dancer the same year. He was enrolled to study ballet in 1955 as the first group of students from Beijing Dance School under the guidance of Russian artists. In 1957, Li became the assistant teacher of the school when Russian dancer and choreographer Pyotr Gusev was the school's artistic director. The same year, under the instruction and direction of Russian experts, China staged La Fille Mal Gardee (The Wayward Daughter), a masterpiece created in the 18th century, with Li as one of the choreographers. With the founding of the National Ballet of China in 1959, Li played in the first three classic ballet productions adapted by the troupe: Swan Lake, Le Corsaire (The Pirate) and Giselle. \"He was not only a great choreographer but also a talented performer,\" said Zhao Ruheng, former president of National Ballet of China, who took the position in 1994 after Li's 10-year tenure. \"It was Li and the elder generation of Chinese ballet dancer-choreographers who laid a solid foundation for China's ballet. He witnessed the birth and development of Chinese ballet.\"", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "XI'AN - More than 7 million Chinese tourists visited Japan last year, an official with the Japan National Tourism Organization said here Sunday. Juri Shineda, an official with the Beijing office of the organization, said at a promotion event that 7.35 million Chinese tourists visited Japan in 2017, up 15 percent over the previous year. Travel agencies are introducing more products to meet the needs of travelers. \"We offer travel plans based on the season,\" said Zhang Yue at the Xi'an office of the China Travel Service. \"The cherry blossom route, hot spring route, and snow view route are all popular.\"", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Foreign headhunting companies see opportunity and innovation in newly announced policies in Beijing's recruitment market and say they expect the whole industry will benefit. Foreign talent agencies can now own up to 70 percent of a joint venture registered in the Chinese capital, up from 49 percent, Chen Bei, a spokeswoman for the city's Human Resources and Social Security Bureau, said on Tuesday. Also, a requirement has been removed that foreign investors have at least three years of experience in the recruitment industry overseas before entering the Beijing market. \"This is the most open policy in China's headhunting market and will bring benefits to both foreign investors and Chinese companies that are short on senior talent,\" Chen said. Simon Lance, managing director for China at Hays Specialist Recruitment, a UK-listed multinational company, called it a positive move that will drive innovation and boost more cooperation between Chinese and foreign headhunting companies. \"The policy will cause more competition of course because it encourages more investors to come to Beijing,... but it will drive innovation, which is good for any business,\" Lance said. More foreign investors will seek Chinese partners for joint ventures in the business, which is helpful in the transfer of knowledge and expertise between the two sides, he said. China opened its recruitment market around 2000. Since then, foreign headhunting companies started to enter the market through joint ventures with Chinese partners. Beijing's new policy is among efforts to attract more overseas talent to the city. Lance said it will take a year or two to see the positive effect in terms of landing foreign talent. Wei Ran, director of Shanghai procurement and supply chain at Michael Page, a British recruitment firm, said China has become its second-largest human resources market and it is expanding its services to more local companies and opening new offices as it faces increasing competition. \"China is a candidate-driven market,\" she said. \"Opportunities are there.\" She said the increased share that foreign investors can own in joint ventures can help companies better organize their personnel and grow profit. Xu Ye, consultant director of Dynamic Resources Asia, a recruitment firm based in Vancouver, Canada, said the company may establish a Beijing office because of the new policy. \"The new policy may not represent much of a threat to current players, whether foreign or domestic, given that the industry underwent a shakeout during the financial crisis. The ones that survived have their own strengths,\" she said.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Representatives of 13 well-known commercial streets in different countries issued \"Wangfujing Consensus\" in Beijing on Thursday, which aims to build a multi-level communication and cooperation mechanism to provide better consumption experience for the public. The consensus was jointly issued at the \"international top business streets forum\" which is a part of the 6th Beijing Wangfujing International Brand Festival. The directors and representatives from top commercial streets including Wangfujing in Beijing, Ku'damm Street in Berlin and Covent Garden, London, made the statement in the consensus that they will be more open and sharing to raise the intelligence and convenience level of the commercial streets to make those streets become a great life experience center. Shi Xiaodong, deputy dean of Beijing Municipal Institute of City Planning and Design, said during the forum that Wangfujing street has a long history and rich culture, but it should build up its unique culture characteristics and rebuild the core commercial area to become a world-class commercial pedestrian street. \"The transportation can be improved while the authority should strengthen the historic culture protection,\" he said. Alexandra Tabellini, mayor of Lucca in Italy, shared his view on urban commercial development. He said the commercial activities should be in accordance with the city's residential quality and culture succession. The 13 commercial streets are Ku'damm Street, Berlin; Covent Garden, London; Central Hong Kong, HK, China; Jinbaojie, Beijing; Wangfujing, Beijing; Nanjing Road Pedestrian Street, Shanghai; Jiefangbei, Chongqing; Xinjiekou, Nanjing, Jiangsu; Chunxilu, Chengdu, Sichuan; North Huaqiang Street, Shenzhen; Guanqian Street, Suzhou, Jiangsu; Yan'an Road Business Alliance, Hangzhou, Zhejiang; Quancheng Road, Jinan, Shandong.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "BEIJING -- Beijing traffic police said Thursday that they will investigate footage showing a self-driving car developed by Chinese tech giant Baidu on the open road.  At a meeting Wednesday, Li Yanhong, Baidu's CEO, live streamed while riding in a Baidu self-driving car on Beijing's fifth ring road.  The video went viral on social media, and caught the attention of traffic police. The public has since debated whether driverless cars should be allowed on the streets, as there are no clear regulations or laws covering their use.  Traffic police said they support technological innovation in driverless vehicles, but will investigate possible violations of existing traffic laws.  Baidu launched its autonomous car project in 2013, joining the race with Internet giants such as Google and Tesla Motors. The search engine giant said in 2016 that it plans to mass-produce driverless cars in five years.", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "More than 200 motoring enthusiasts from across the globe went behind the wheels of their classic and vintage cars, including Bentleys, Porsches and Alfa Romeos, on Saturday in Beijing to gear up for an epic endurance drive from the Chinese capital to Paris. The 36-day rally, considered one of the world's toughest motoring challenges, stretches about 13,000 km and covers more than 10 countries and regions through the Asian continent and on to western Europe, including the harsh deserts of the Gobi and wide expanse of Siberia, according to event organizers. The first \"Peking to Paris\" motor rally was held in 1907 and took about two months. This is its seventh edition this year and retains one of its most striking characteristics -- the participants will be driving only cars manufactured before the late 1970s as they follow in the tracks of the rally pioneers. The vehicles are set to traverse gravel, sand and stunning mountain roads and plains, with motorists getting the chance to sleep in tents under the stars on the steppes of Mongolia. There are altogether 120 two-person teams taking on the challenge, which entry fee alone cost about $70,000. The teams roll out from the Juyongguan section of the Great Wall early Sunday and are expected to drive into Paris on July 7 through the finish line at the Place Vendome. There will be support and logistics groups, but the participants are expected to carry out regular maintenance on their own cars and obviously, stock important spare parts since the rare cars are very different from each other. Average daily distances to be covered are about 400 km but can be as much as 650 km. Briton Douglas McWilliams will be in his 1958 Bentley S1 model with his brother Mike McWilliams, a top-notch engineer who will lead the maintenance of their car as well as any repairs it needs on the journey. Modifications to their luxury car include strengthened suspension, a rebuilt gearbox and a new air filter for the engine. \"For us, the challenge is to take a car like this, a Bentley, across the Gobi Desert, a car that's more suited to maybe driving to the opera or going on a tour around London. So the car has been prepared quite specially for the rally. The route is very challenging, in Mongolia there are barely any roads at all,\" Mike told China Daily at a gathering point for the motorists in the Shangri-La Hotel, Beijing. Other than the obvious obstacles en route, Douglas, founder and deputy chairman of the London-based Centre for Economics and Business Research consultancy, also considers the experience important because he will be able to see for himself the areas that will be covered by the China-proposed Belt and Road Initiative global infrastructure and development project. Douglas said he will personally assess the potential of these areas when they are linked up by better transport networks and improved trade facilities. He is writing a book about the rally and the BRI called \"Driving the Silk Road\". \"Mike and I were brought up in Malaysia and it used to be a frequent topic of discussion amongst the expatriates, about going back to the UK overland. We've always been excited by the prospects of being able to do it,\" he said. Now, with the Belt and Road Initiative and China helping to develop infrastructure connecting the East and West, Douglas said he would be able to make comparisons between the old and new trade routes. \"I'm fascinated by the Belt and Road Initiative, I think it's the most important infrastructure initiative ever. Being able to contrast the old-fashioned way of traveling across land to Europe with the newfangled ways now being created, it's such a wonderful opportunity,\" he said. Other rally vehicles range from a 1907 Contal Mototri Tricycle and 1930 Ford Model A, to a 1950 Oldsmobile 88 and 1975 Ferrari 208 GT4. Californian duo Kurht Gerhardt and Derek Boycks are driving a 1967 Porsche 912 model for the trip. \"I'm just ecstatic to be here. It's a dream come true,\" Boycks said. \"I can't believe the enthusiasm and the passion the local people are showing to these classic cars. It's just amazing \u00a1\u00ad driving over here yesterday from the storage area, everybody's waving and taking videos. It was so welcoming and everybody's been really nice. We can't wait to see more of it.\"", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "Academic achievements, companions and recognition from others are the main sources of happiness for Chinese primary and secondary school students, according to the first \"Chinese Children's Happy Growth Index\", jointly released by four institutions on Sept 20 in Beijing. This index analyzed the key elements of a growth in happiness \u00a1\u00aa drawing on advanced theories from both home and abroad \u00a1\u00aa by conducting a comprehensive quantitative analysis of the influencing factors of children's happiness. According to the research, the average score of Chinese children's happiness growth is currently 82.22, which indicates most Chinese children are \"Quite Happy\". 70.1 percent of the Chinese children regard high grades in school as the greatest happiness, exceeding other factors by more than 20 percentage points. Hanging out with friends provides enjoyment for 49.3 percent of children, ranking second. In general, junior-grade students and children with better physical and academic records find it easier to be happy, according to the survey. However, the results also show that 46.9 percent of the students are suffering from sleep deprivation caused by school assignments. During the survey, 97 percent of mothers label their children as \"happy\", while only 92.5 percent of the children hold the same opinion. Over 30 percent of the children say their parents play on their cellphones during parent-child conversation. This index system was built through the analytic hierarchy process from the Internet Development Research Institution of Peking University, combining the specific national conditions and environmental features of children's learning, living and developing processes in China.  After the system construction was completed, 3,475 valid samples were collected by China Youth and Children Research Center through questionnaires from 28 primary and secondary schools in seven cities, including Beijing, Guangzhou, Nanjing, Chengdu, Liaoyang, Fuyang and Changsha.  Among the seven cities surveyed, children in Beijing \u00a1\u00aa with an average happiness score of 86.10 \u00a1\u00aa enjoy the highest degree of happiness, followed by Nanjing (84.66) and Guangzhou (83.15).  A gap of almost 10 points separates Fuyang \u00a1\u00aa the city with the lowest score of 76.64 \u00a1\u00aaand Beijing, showing that children in first-tier cities have the highest level of happiness, while third-tier cities' children enjoy the lowest. \"This study opens a window for the whole society to understand children and provides a possible approach to better foster children's happiness and well-being,\" said Sun Hongyan, children's department director of the China Youth and Children Research Center.  This newly-published index also provides a solid theoretical basis for scientifically promoting the healthy development of children in China, Sun added. ", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "Beijing's food safety watchdog has begun a two-week sanitation inspection of the city's restaurants. This came after two Beijing branches of a popular hotpot chain was exposed to have operated in unhygienic conditions. Videos taken by hidden cameras showed rats infested the kitchen, a dishwasher was caked with oily food residue, and a worker tried to fix sewage clog with a soup ladle. The Sichuan Province-based Haidilao hot pot has admitted its management faults in a frank public statement issued Friday, apologizing for the scandal. In recent years, Haidilao took major Chinese cities by storm by its signature spicy Sichuanese hot pot and excellent service. According to its website, Haidilao is operating in about 60 Chinese cities and has expanded to Los Angeles, Singapore, Seoul, and Tokyo, Beijing Food and Drug Administration said the inspection will target both restaurant chains and canteen suppliers. Business licenses, dishwashers, sanitation equipment, measures to keep off pests and diseases are the focus of the inspection. The watchdog said it has also ordered Haidilao to open its kitchens to the public in a month and report the overhaul measures. The chain's sanitation ratings will be downgraded. Haidilao, meanwhile, promised to ensure all its restaurants both in China and abroad maintain good sanitation standards.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "BEIJING \u00a1\u00aa Beijing Municipal Commission of Transport said on Thursday that the city will continue to improve infrastructure for cyclists and promote green transit. There are over 1.9 million shared bikes in Beijing, said Yang Yuliang, an official with the commission. Authorities will curb haphazard parking and increase supervision of shared bikes. Beijing currently has over 1,014 kilometers of lanes for bikers and pedestrians, said Liu Changge, an official with the commission. By 2020, the figure will reach 3,200 kilometers. A special bike lane will be built between Huilongguan and Shangdi in northern Beijing. The project will be finished by September this year. Beijing will continue to improve road conditions and renovate areas that frequently see congestion.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Hebei province is considering excavating two canals to provide another transport option from Xiongan New Area to Beijing and Tianjin, thepaper.cn reported Friday. The Beijing-Xiongan canal would be 230 kilometers, while the Baoding-Tianjin canal would be 200 kilometers, according to the report. A feasibility study is being carried out into the plan.  In early June, the Ministry of Transport conducted a field survey in Xiongan, which included visiting sites along the two canals. The team was headed by Chen Shengying, head of the ministry's transport planning and research institute. About two weeks later, the provincial transport authority sent a team to Beijing to discuss Xiongan's water transport blueprint.  Tang Jianxin, head of the team, said that the short-term, mid-term and long-term plans for water transportation in Xiongan New Area should be implemented as soon as possible. He also hoped that a three-year plan would be drafted soon and be included in the 13th Five-Year Plan of the Ministry of Transport. Historically Baoding was connected by waterway via Baiyangdian to Tianjin. Inland water transport from Baoding to Tianjin started in the Ming and Qing dynasties (1368-1911), from Baoding through Fuhe River to Baiyangdian Lake, and finally joined the Haihe River in Tianjin.  Fuhe River, Baiyangdian Lake, Daqing River were important inland shipping channels between Tianjin and Baoding for hundreds of years during the Ming and Qing dynasties. ", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "An agreement to support young scholars' research into the Silk Road was signed between China and UNESCO during a session of the Conference on Dialogue of Asian Civilizations in Beijing on Wednesday. Under the agreement, an international academic program will be launched with funding of $1 million from the Chinese government to scholars under 35 years of age from around the world. Hosted by the Ministry of Education and UNESCO, the session - entitled \"Safeguarding the Diversity of Asian Civilizations\" - focused on cultural interactions among Asian people and discussed challenges in terms of revitalizing the multiple cultures of Asian countries and regions. Lee Byong-hyun, chairman of the executive board of UNESCO, said at the session's opening ceremony that multilateral cooperation is crucial in tackling local, regional and global issues. \"My experience has taught me that the key for the success of international cooperation is dialogue,\" he said. \"This requires being curious about others, willing to open up and ready to listen with real engagement.\" Chen Baosheng, minister of education, said civilizations are enriched by exchanges, in which people learn from each other. \"To promote the world's peaceful development, we need to see more and think more in light of protecting diverse Asian civilizations. It's encouraging to hold a more inclusive and modest attitude about equal dialogue among Asian civilizations. \"We need to keep the principle of amity, sincerity, mutual benefits and inclusiveness in mind to make the dialogue among Asian civilizations an inspiration to the world and to future human development. It's also important to fully use education to help people learn more about the values of different civilizations and to pass down the cultures,\" he said. At the session, 44 scholars and professors from Asian countries, along with France, Russia, Germany and Canada, voiced their opinions on exchanges by Asian civilizations in historical and modern times. Chen Lai, a professor at Tsinghua University in Beijing, said some ancient Chinese philosophers had proposed values for different civilizations. \"Confucius said that 'A gentleman seeks harmony, not conformity', showing respect to different cultures,\" he said. \"Mencius proposed that we should have good intentions toward others. I think it's an inclusive attitude toward other people and their civilizations.\" He said that it's of great importance to promote such philosophies to enhance the exchanges and mutual learning of diverse civilizations. Frederick W. Russell-Rivoallan, a program specialist and head of social and human sciences for UNESCO, hailed the dialogue of Asian civilizations. \"It's a great way to concentrate in this part of world, but it's also a global inspiration - bringing countries together, understanding other cultures, respecting each other and sharing with each other,\" he said. \"That's the way that we can understand each other better and live together better.\"", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "Beijing will host the 2018 World Life Science Conference later this month, which will focus on areas including medicine and health, agriculture and food safety, the environment and biotechnology, the organizer said at a news conference on Monday. The three-day event, organized by the China Association for Science and Technology and co-hosted by the China Union of Life Science Societies and the China National Center for Biotechnology Development, will open on Oct 27. With the theme \"science for a better life\", it will feature over 60 plenary speeches, forums and panel discussions with more than 400 speakers, including six Nobel laureates.  It is the second time Beijing has hosted the event. Wang Xiaoning, deputy secretary-general of the China Union of Life Science Societies, said this year's event is an active response to the strategy of promoting a healthy China put forward at the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China and is meaningful as it coincides with the 40th anniversary of the reform and opening-up policy and the 60th anniversary of CAST's establishment. It will combine academic, think tank, industry and science communication and speaks to the development of a comprehensive health industry and other hot topics in social and economic development, he said. \"In addition to academics, we are paying more attention this time to the conference's social responsibility and the value of industry promotion,\" he said, \"and we have replaced fragmented exhibitions with one big display platform to showcase milestone achievements in life sciences.\" Rao Zihe, an academician of the Chinese Academy of Sciences and one of the organizing committee's chairmen, said the conference will enhance international cooperation, improve think tank services, deepen science and technology communication and create a good platform to popularize science.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "    Three ex-executives of fugitive Chinese billionaire Guo Wengui have been given prison terms for fraudulently obtaining loans and foreign currency, a court said on Friday.  Lyu Tao, former deputy general manager of Beijing Pangu Investment Inc, controlled by Guo, was sentenced to two years and three months in prison, while Xie Honglin and Yang Ying, who both worked for the company's financial department, were sentenced to two years with a three-year reprieve.  The three were also fined, and the company was asked to pay 245 million yuan ($35.9 million) in fines, according to the judgment by Xigang District People's Court in Dalian, Liaoning province.  The defendants and the representative of the company said after the announcement that they will not appeal.  During the court hearing on June 9, the three confessed to obtaining a loan of 3.2 billion yuan from Agricultural Bank of China in the name of the company by using fake contracts, materials and seals in 2010.  Lyu and Xie also said they illegally obtained $13.5 million in foreign exchanges with forged invoices in 2012.  All of them expressed regret in court, adding that they were obeying Guo, who was behind all the cheating.  \"The three defendants were Guo's subordinates and acting under his orders, and they all pleaded guilty. Meanwhile, the loans have been returned. In consideration of that, we gave them lenient terms,\" the court said in the judgment.  It was the first trial of a series related to the company and Guo, who fled overseas about three years ago.  Interpol issued a \"red notice\" - the closest thing to an international arrest warrant - for Guo in April, according to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.  Prosecutors also accused a number of people related to the company and Beijing Zenith Holdings Company of gaining benefits illegally, destroying accounting evidence and fraudulently obtaining bank loans in three separate cases, according to the court.  In addition, several connected cases involving forced transactions, offers of bribes, embezzlement and illegal detention are being handled by judicial authorities, it added.  On Tuesday, nine Chinese mainland-based construction companies jointly filed a lawsuit against Guo in the Supreme Court of the State of New York in the United States, accusing him of failing to pay project debts amounting to 272 million yuan, plus bank interest, business magazine Caixin reported. ", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "DUBAI - China's flag carrier Air China said Monday that it will increase the flights between Beijing, the Chinese capital, and Dubai of the United Arab Emirates (UAE) from five a week to daily service from March. The announcement was made by Zhang Bi, general manager of Air China's Dubai Sales Department, at a press conference held at Grand Hyatt Dubai. \"This arrangement, scheduled to start from March 26, will provide passengers travelling between China and the UAE with more choices, and further increase the bilateral exchanges between the two countries,\" he said. Zhang said that the Beijing-Dubai route will be operated by Airbus three-class A330-300 aircraft equipped with a total of 295 seats, including 28 business class seats, 16 preferred economy class seats and 251 economy class seats. \"Whether flying from Beijing to Dubai or flying from Dubai to Beijing, our flights are competitive in time, and passengers can have a better rest and less travel fatigue,\" Zhang said. Li Lingbing, the consul general of China in Dubai, hailed Dubai as \"an important pivotal city and regional transport hub\" for the Belt and Road Initiative. The initiative was proposed by Chinese President Xi Jinping in 2013 with the aim of building a trade and infrastructure network connecting Asia with Europe and Africa along ancient trade routes. Dubai is playing an increasingly important role in promoting interconnection between China and Middle Eastern countries, Li said. \"I believe Air China and other Chinese airlines will continue to expand their services in Dubai,\" Li said. This will promote the mutually beneficial cooperation in various fields between China and Arab countries and make new contributions to the bilateral exchanges, he added.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "  DUBAI - United Arab Emirates' (UAE) Emirates Airline said Monday in an e-mailed statement that it will provide from July 1 onward an all-A380 service on its Beijing and Shanghai services, replacing the current Boeing 777-300ER operations.  The Dubai government-controlled airline said the move will increase capacity to both Beijing and Shanghai, \"offering Emirates passengers even more seamless A380-to-A380 connections between the two Chinese cities and over 30 international points.\"  This upgrade strengthens Emirates' overall mainland China offering, which also includes services to Guangzhou, Yinchuan and Zhengzhou, said the carrier.  The additional seats on the routes will support more business and leisure travel departing from and arriving in China, while offering passengers an exceptional global travel experience.  The Emirates A380 \"Superjumbo\" offers up to 519 seats in a three class configuration on Chinese routes. Earlier last month, Emirates Airline Chairman and CEO Sheikh Ahmed Bin Saeed Al-Maktoum said the carrier aims to expand its network in China within the next 12 months.  \"We are looking at the Chinese market to expand our operations there as we are convinced of China's growth prospects in relation to passenger demand,\" said Sheikh Ahmed.  According to the official Dubai Tourism authority, among Dubai's top 20 source markets for inbound tourism during the first three months of 2017, \"China continued to top the growth trajectory charts with unparalleled 64 percent increase over the first quarter in 2016, delivering 230,000 tourists.\"  Since the end of 2016, Chinese tourists can obtain a \"visa on arrival\" at UAE international airports. ", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "BEIJING -- Two centers for foreigner exit and entry services opened Tuesday in Beijing to assist foreign talent in service industries.  The centers in Chaoyang and Shunyi districts will accept applications for permanent stays, long-term visas and port visas for foreign elites in the service sector, foreigner members of startups, Chinese with foreign nationality and young foreign students.  Shen Jinsheng, deputy director of Beijing Municipal Commission of Commerce, said the commission would issue recommendation letters for those working in the two districts who passed in a grading before applying for permanent stay.  The new service centers will shorten the period to apply for a permanent stay from 180 to 90 working days.  Many foreigners live in Chaoyang where most embassies and many international agencies and chambers of commerce are located. Shunyi, home to Beijing Capital International Airport, has over 100 international companies and a foreign population of around 8,000.  Li Kai On, a Chinese with British nationality, said he had applied for a permanent stay as he, a teacher at an international school, had seen opportunities in Beijing's education sector.  \"I hope with the new measures, I can become a real Chinese in a short time.\"", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "The Palace Museum in Beijing, also known as the Forbidden City, signed agreement with the Syrian ministry of culture on Tuesday to kick off a series projects \u00a1\u00aa which will include joint exhibitions and public education initiatives \u00a1\u00aa to be brought about through bilateral cooperation. The Palace Museum will provide archaeological support for research in Syria, it will also help to train more of the country's professionals in the field of cultural relic conservation and museum management through programs in China. The agreement was signed at the closing ceremony of a three-day Taihe Forum on Protecting the World's Ancient Civilizations \u00a1\u00aa exploring methodologies for protecting ancient capital cities during times of increased modern urban development \u00a1\u00aa which was held at the museum and attracted delegates from 13 countries.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "      An exhibition about the Austro-Hungarian queen is touring China. Wang Kaihao reports. Many Chinese who grew up in the 1970s and '80s are familiar with the name Sissi. That was how Queen Elisabeth (1837-98), a dual monarch of the Austro-Hungarian Empire, was commonly known, even among her subjects. The first film of a trilogy about the queen that was made in Austria, starring Romy Schneider, was shown in China in 1988, when Western films were still rare in Chinese cinemas. Sissi's real life is now being presented through an exhibition in Beijing, with nearly 150 cultural relics related to her or Hungary loaned from the Hungarian National Museum in Budapest. The exhibition,   in the 17th to 19th Centuries, will run through Jan 3 at the Palace Museum, also known as the Forbidden City. \"Her beauty, her romantic spirit and her tales are known to all,\" says Shan Jixiang, director of the Palace Museum. \"She sympathized with Hungary and was welcomed and loved by people there.\" Sissi played a pivotal role in calming tensions between Hungarians and the ruling Habsburg family since she took the throne in the 1860s, he says. \"Queen Elisabeth is still a popular star in Hungary,\" says Benedek Vagra, director general of the Hungarian National Museum. \"Due to shared emotions in both countries (Hungary and China), she is a good example to give a brief introduction of Hungarian history to Chinese visitors.\" Sissi had a difficult relationship with her mother-in-law, Emperor Franz Joseph I's mother. And she was emotionally detached from royal life at the Habsburg court. So, she spent much of her time living in Budapest and traveled all over Hungary. The queen also gave birth to her last child in Budapest. \"Actually, her real life and marriage were more difficult than what was depicted in the films,\" Vagra says.,  Beyond the queen's old photos, oil paintings, dresses and other daily items, the exhibition also provides a panoramic view of Hungarian aristocracy during her time through such displays as jewelry, dinnerware and religious items. Vagra points to a few highlighted exhibits. For example, a saddle made in the 18th century enabled women to ride horses sitting on one side. Sissi also used the saddle. \"I think the 'lady's saddle' is quite unique,\" he says. \"It was designed in that way because of the custom that women were demanded to sit 'properly' on horseback.\" He also says the Hungarian aristocrats' costumes and armories reflect the country's history. A replica of the Holy Crown of Hungary, dating back to 1000 AD, is also on display. The item, made of silver gilt, pearl and cloisonne enamels, was used to prove the legitimacy of the monarchy in olden times. The original crown is displayed in the Hungarian Parliament and is heavily guarded. \"It's very important in Hungarian history\u00a3\u00adnot only as a sign of royalty,\" Vagra says of the crown. \"Even though there is no king now, the crown expresses the spirit of a nation and holds the country together.\" Hungarians, also known as Magyars, are thought to have first settled in today's Hungary in 896 after migrating from the East. According to one theory, they are descendants of Huns\u00a3\u00adthe Eurasian nomadic people, who possibly had connections with the Xiongnu people from China.,  \"We are unique in Europe due to our Eastern origin,\" Vagra says. \"The exhibits this time like armories also show some Eastern characteristics.\" Szonja Buslig, a cultural counselor at the Hungarian embassy in Beijing, says the exhibition at the Palace Museum reveals a part of the larger cultural cooperation between China and Hungary. In the Xiongnu city's ruins in Yulin in Northwest China's Shaanxi province, archaeologists from both countries are doing comparative studies on findings there with Hun relics unearthed in Hungary. Hungarian scholars also recently conducted field research in Shandan county, Gansu province, to look for more evidence of links. \"After a start from such a familiar topic (Sissi), we're planning another major cultural-relic exhibition in China,\" Buslig says. \"It will reveal how our ancestors migrated from the East.\" She reveals that Hungary will participate in more projects in an upcoming museum on Xiongnu history in Yulin. Hungary became the first European country to sign a memorandum of understanding with China on June 6, 2016, on the Belt and Road Initiative.,  Buslig says the initiative will create opportunities for closer cultural ties between the two countries. Under the framework, Vagra says the rich history of Hungarian bronze wares will be shown in China. He adds that his museum also plans to introduce an exhibition on ancient Chinese civilization in Hungary, which he believes will easily strike an emotional chord in Budapest. The ongoing exhibition about Sissi was held in Shanghai before it came to Beijing in late September. It will move to Yunnan and Shaanxi provinces in January. Contact the writer at wangkaihao@chinadaily.com.cn 8:30 am-5 pm (the closing time will be 4:30 pm starting from Nov 1), closed Mondays, through Jan 3. Shenwumen Gallery, Palace Museum, 4 Jingshan Qianjie, Dongcheng district, Beijing. Visit www.dpm.org for more information.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Beijing's local government is encouraging private sector to participate in the construction and operation of snow venues for Winter Olympics, government officials said in a recent news conference. To prepare for the 2022 Games, Beijing plans to build a snow sport center with topnotch facilities, as well as Olympics and media villages in Yanqing district. According to Cheng Daqing, director of the Development and Reform Commission of Yanqing district, the running of snow venues and the construction of Olympics venues and media villages will adopt a public-private partnership (PPP) mode and welcome capital from the private sector. Cheng said such a mode will help cultivate winter sports companies and improve the underdeveloped industrial chain. \"By innovating in financing mechanism and encouraging private capital, advanced technology and management experience can be applied to the winter sports industry,\" Cheng said. \"The government can concentrate on their job in market-monitoring rather than taking part in the operation of capital.\" Zhang Yuan, with the Party's standing committee of Yanqing district, said winter sports resorts usually are only profitable in the snow season, but the future resort in Yanqing is expected to maintain growth, serving as a holiday resort, training center and conference venue throughout the year. The 2.8 billion yuan ($422 million) project will open for tenders at the end of this year. According to the 2017 International Report on Snow & Mountain Tourism by Laurent Vanat, a senior industrial consultant, although China has seen continuous growth in the number of skiing resorts, there are only a few resorts and venues equipped with sufficient hospitality facilities and high-quality slopes. Li Na, a Beijing-based private ski club member, said the future snow venues will provide players closer resorts with better traffic connection, to help in their training. \"Currently, we usually go to Thaiwoo or Wanlong Ski Resort in Hebei province, and the hardest part is to coordinate just enough number of people to share the gas and drive,\" she said. \"Outskirts of Beijing also have some skiing centers but they are smaller in size with one or two artificial snow slopes.\" Li added that hotel services near the skiing center in Beijing were not so satisfying, so members usually prefer not to stay for the night, even though a round trip in a day after skiing can be rather exhausting. \"I think if the venue in Yanqing were to have really nice hotels and top slopes, we would certainly love to go,\" Li said. The future venue is also the latest effort to fulfill the need of the emerging winter sports market, which has a trillion yuan profit potential. \"The number of winter sports players has grown from 8.05 million in 2014 to 11.33 million in 2016 at an annual growth rate of 18.6 percent,\" Zhang said. \"The growth in northern China is especially strong, which accounts for a third of the entire number.\" He said the country has immense market potential in the snow-related industry, with more than 22 million tourists coming to Yanqing district every year, while the annual number of tourists visiting Beijing reaches 300 million. According to the General Administration of Sport of China, the number of ski resorts has increased to 646 in 2016 from 408 in 2013, while the number of skiers climbed to 11.33 million last year.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "  Beijing police have arrested nine suspects in a cross-border internet browser hijacking case.  Malware called \"Fireball\" was developed by a company located in Beijing's Haidian district to hijack browsers and profit from commissions on internet advertising by redirecting traffic, according to the Haidian sub-bureau of the municipal Public Security Bureau on Monday.  The company gained 80 million yuan ($12 million) last year from the malware, which was bundled with legitimate software provided to users, the sub-bureau said.  The suspects are charged with the crime of sabotaging a computer system, it said.  The malware mainly targeted overseas users.  Zhao Leiluo, deputy head of the sub-bureau, said the company was set up in 2015 and registered in Haidian district. The malware targeted the overseas users in an attempt to avoid supervision in China, he said.  The crime should be punished regardless of borders, Zhao said, adding that the enforcement action demonstrates the determination of police to curtail the practice.  Wang Jingjun, deputy head of the internet security division of the sub-bureau, said the suspects confessed to the crime. The malware they developed was first detected by an overseas computer lab.  Beijing Huorong Network Technology Co reported the malware to the police and assisted them in obtaining key evidence after it was discovered by security company Check Point Software Technologies based in San Carlos, California, near Silicon Valley.  According to Check Point, more than 250 million computers worldwide have been infected by Fireball.  More than 140 suspects involved in internet hijacking have been busted since March. Around 130 cases of criminal cyberattacks were stopped in the same period, the authorities said.   ", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "Beijing Municipal Commission of Education announced on Thursday that middle schools in the capital will stop enrolling students because of their art or sports talent from this year. Currently, a certain number of students with talent in such fields as sports and arts can be enrolled into key middle schools, which are usually difficult to get into. The city authority decided to stop this mechanism and distribute education resources more fairly. Beijing will also gradually give more than half of the admission quota of the key high schools to normal junior middle school students from this year to 2021, the commission said. Beijing will also add 30,000 quotas to solve the difficulties in entering preschools this year.", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "Workers who lose their jobs because of Beijing\u00a1\u00afs efforts to relocate noncapital functions to neighboring regions will receive compensation to soften the blow, a senior official said on Wednesday. The city government is moving manufacturers and wholesale markets, as well as other industries, to outlying areas to ease pressure on resources and reduce congestion. Experts say layoffs are inevitable. However, Liu Xiaojun, head of employment promotion for the Beijing Human Resources and Social Security Bureau, said a subsidy will be paid to those affected while they search for alternative employment, according to a Beijing News report. To qualify, workers will have to satisfy two conditions: they need to have contributed to social security insurance; and they need to have been laid off instead of resigning. The amount paid will depend on their social security insurance contributions, while migrant workers will be required to proof from their former employer that they were laid off. Liu was speaking at a job fair in the capital\u00a1\u00afs Dongcheng district on Wednesday. He said more job fairs will be organized in the run-up to Spring Festival, which falls on Feb 16.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "China believes the Hanoi summit between Pyongyang and Washington is constructive and Beijing will continue to play an active role in the Korean Peninsula issue, Zhang Yesui, spokesman for the second session of 13th National People's Congress, said on Monday. Although the two sides failed to release any document, they said they held in-depth communication and expressed willingness to continue the dialogue, Zhang told a news briefing. China hopes Pyongyang and Washington, key parties of the issue, will keep good faith, remain patient and continue their dialogue in the right direction to achieve progress, he said. The Korean Peninsula issue is complicated and sensitive and will meet difficulties as the negotiation goes deeper, he said. The key to resolving the issue is to insist on a political solution to achieve the denuclearization and establish a peace mechanism on the peninsula, he added. Safeguarding peace and stability on the Korean Peninsula is in line with the interests of all parties, he said, adding that China will continue to make active efforts.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "The Palace Museum and Cartier team up to host one of the cultural institution's largest shows on the theme of craftsmanship and restoration over the centuries. For Wang Jin and Qi Haonan, two restorers of antique timepieces at the Palace Museum in Beijing, their months spent in quasi-seclusion in 2017 at a watchmaking studio in La Chaux-de-Fonds, Switzerland, was a crucial period of exploration. They took six movements of timepieces dating back to the late 18th century to the mountainous town to work on their restoration with their counterparts from Cartier, the French jewelry and watch-making house. A documentary recording the project was released online last year. The Palace Museum, which is also known as the Forbidden City, was China's imperial palace between 1420 and 1911. \"The collaboration was not only a dialogue between the restorers but an exchange of techniques and expertise,\" Wang says. \"We worked together in a climate of utmost sincerity, overcame a number of challenges and accomplished our mission in full.\",Their success also lead them to setting up a cross-cultural mission to celebrate craftsmanship. After the restoration, researchers from both sides began to explore the possibility of presenting a joint exhibition to showcase the splendor of timepieces through the ages. It has now expanded into a much wider plan, and one that doesn't just cover horology. Beyond Boundaries: Cartier and the Palace Museum Craftsmanship and Restoration Exhibition opened on Saturday at the Meridian Gate Galleries of the museum in Beijing. It places more than 800 artifacts dating from the Ming Dynasty (1368-1644) to modern times on display, making it one of the largest exhibitions in the history of the Palace Museum. As a highlight of the exhibition, which is to run through July, the six timepieces-four clocks with exquisite decorations and two gold watches benefiting from the joint restoration-are displayed in Time Memories, one of three themed sections of the exhibition.,The Palace Museum is generally believed to hold one of the world's best collections of mechanical clocks from the 17th and 18th centuries, thanks to the wealth of the Qing Dynasty (1644-1911) emperors and their habit of ordering the latest timepieces from Europe. \"The level and quality of the (timepiece) objects from the Forbidden City's collection is just extraordinary,\" says Pierre Rainero, Cartier's director of image, style and heritage. \"It's even difficult to find their equivalent in Europe because many of them were destroyed over time.\" Other precious timekeeping instruments from both institutions help to form a cultural dialogue. For example, a similar pair of gravity clocks from the collections of the Palace Museum and Cartier are presented together for juxtaposition. The clocks, whose movements are driven by gravity that makes them roll down slowly on an inclined base, both have to be reset by hand. There are also abundant exhibits of \"mystery clocks\", the signature objects made by Cartier where clock hands appear to \"float\" on transparent dials without any apparent connection to the movement. Elements of Chinese inspiration were also used in the decoration of these timepieces.,Speaking of \"beyond boundaries\", the theme of the exhibition, Cartier International CEO Cyrille Vigneron explains in an interview with China Daily that \"art is a universal language\". \"If it touches you, it touches you,\" he says. \"You don't have to put any words behind it... This exhibition is a journey through time, space and culture.\" Echoing this idea, the exhibition's curators widened the scope of their search for artifacts to a broad range of countries and collections. Other than artifacts from the Palace Museum and the Cartier Collection, many of the objects came from other public institutions, including the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York, the National Gallery of Australia, the Qatar Museums and the Musee International d'Horlogerie (International Museum of Horology) in La Chaux-de-Fonds, as well as some other private and royal collections.,The Symbols of Power section of the exhibition displays tiaras, bracelets, necklaces and other items of jewelry owned by royal courts and celebrities from all over Europe, Asia and North America, which combine to present a sparkling fiesta for the eyes. An emphasis was particularly placed on presenting the rise of the modernist style of the early 20th century, marking the birth of the Art Deco movement and plotting the evolution of fashion. \"It's difficult to say where their home is because they are part of the patrimony of history and humanity,\" Vigneron says. Wang Yuegong, Chinese curator of the exhibition and director of the department at the Palace Museum studying royal life and imperial rituals, notes that it is a pity that they were unable to find a Chinese emperor in the Forbidden City who once owned Cartier jewels. However, this absence did not curb their creativity. \"Considering that jewels represented power in the West, we have to confess that there are boundaries between the different cultures,\" Wang Yuegong says. \"And that's the reason for mutual learning. These exhibits show visitors how the lines between different cultures can become blurred and begin to merge naturally.\",His team spent months scouring the warehouses of the Palace Museum searching for symbols of Chinese power such as an imperial robe owned by Emperor Qianlong (1711-99), a gold imperial seal and chaozhu-beads worn by high officials during ceremonies at the royal court. \"Nevertheless, we can see that both the Eastern and Western traditions tend to reveal power through outstanding craftsmanship,\" Wang Yuegong says. \"That's an emotional resonance.\" In preparation for the exhibition, Cartier also searched through its archives to reveal many of its lesser-known objects that have links with China. Oei Hui-lan, wife of Chinese diplomat Wellington Koo (1888-1985), who is best known for being one of China's representatives at the Paris Peace Conference in 1919, stands out as a fashion icon for her refined tastes in jadeite. One of the many qipao (cheongsam) she once owned appears in the exhibition on loan from the Metropolitan Museum of Art.,\"Since the 1930s, jadeite has emerged as a distinctive feature in jewelry that is sought after by socialites from the East and West,\" says Wang Hebei, a researcher at the Palace Museum. \"Ranked as one of the top gems, jadeite has become one of the few stones, whose supply, distribution channels and craftsmanship were firmly controlled by Chinese dealers, while the standards of appraisal were set out by Chinese jewelers and intellectuals.\" Curators also found the first recorded Chinese customer of Cartier-Aisin-Gioro Tsai Lun. Coincidentally or not, this prince who bought a watch in Paris in 1914 happens to be the great-great-grandson of Emperor Qianlong, a major contributor to the vast collection of clocks in the Forbidden City. A similar watch to the one prince Tsai Lun bought is also on display.,According to Rainero, a passion for Chinese culture became a trend in the West during the 1920s, and fashion brands were quick to respond to the ever-growing demand. Chinese aesthetics and motifs influenced not only the design of jewelry sets, watches and clocks, but also the workmanship of specific materials, nourishing an entire process of creation. That period is also reflected in the section Chinese Inspirations at the exhibition through artifacts made of typical materials and patterns rooted in the traditions of Chinese culture. For instance, the Carp clock from 1925 was made of a piece of carved ancient jade depicting two fishes swimming in the waves. Carp is appreciated for its courage and tenacity in Chinese culture, allowing it to swim upstream and change into a dragon. Elements of Chinese culture seems to be ubiquitous in European upper-class life during this era, which are reflected in a range of exhibits, from a lacquer bridge case that was once owned by the well-known Rothschild family, to a platinum brooch and a vanity case featuring dragon motifs. As China continues to develop rapidly both economically and culturally, Vigneron says he believes that it is important to remind people of their own traditions through familiar artifacts.,\"When it (the exhibition) comes here, it should be inspiring to Chinese people,\" Vigneron says. \"Sometimes you look at things more when someone else looks at it. It's important for the young people not to say (this is) something for the grandparents. They should instead be saying to themselves, let's be inspired by them.\" Since it was established in 1983, the Cartier Collection has toured more than 30 major museums around the world, and now has over 1,600 artifacts, according to curator Pascale Lepeu. Other than Beijing, it has traveled to several other Chinese cities including Shanghai, Chengdu in Sichuan province, Shenyang in Liaoning province, and Taipei. Nevertheless, Beijing remains the only city in the world where the Cartier Collection has made a comeback. In 2009, Cartier Treasures-Jeweller to Kings, King of Jewellers was staged at the Meridian Gate Galleries. \"If you want to go beyond the boundaries of time, what can connect us with the past are objects of art or crafts,\" Vigneron says. \"Especially if you preserve them and continue to keep them in good shape through restoration ... they can provide us with a continuous thread.\" He adds: \"It is not about being nostalgic, but about preparing for the future.\"", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "BEIJING -- A longer Fuxing bullet train started running on the Beijing-Shanghai line Saturday at noon. The new train, with a designed speed of 350 km per hour, has 17 carriages, one carriage longer than the Fuxing trains currently in use. Measuring 439.9 meters long and with a seating capacity of 1,283 people, the 17-carriage train can be used with existing stations, platforms and other high-speed railway facilities. The Fuxing bullet trains first made its debut in June 2017, and the 16-carriage trains were put into operation in July 2018. Entirely designed and manufactured in China, the Fuxing, or Rejuvenation, trains are more spacious and energy-efficient, with a longer service life and better reliability than previous models.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "The annual Francophonie Festival is ready to rock your world as variety of activities in the field of music, art, book, cinema and sport will be unveiled to anyone interested in French culture and language this month in Beijing. A press conference on the festival was held in Beijing on Feb 28, with Chinese actor Huang Jue acting as the ambassador. This year's festival theme is \"Game\". According to the organizer, Faguowenhua.com, game can be a way of sharing, entertaining and learning. And the above mentioned three keywords also reflect the spirit among the French world. Through playing games, people can learn the value of sharing and tolerance. \"Anyone who speaks multiple languages understands the benefits that the other language brings. Learning another language is not only a question of using different words. It means opening up to another culture, thinking about things from another point of view,\" said Jean-Maurice Ripert, ambassador of France to China. The ambassador also said that China had played its part in French language development and China's role, more so than that of any other country, would be crucial for the future of plurilingualism.,Olivier Richard, minister counselor of France embassy in China, delivered the keynote speech during the conference. According to him, French is the most used language after Chinese, English, Spanish and Arabic. There are currently 300 million French speakers in the world, which will increase to 800 million in 2050, and 85 percent of which are in Africa. \"Language learning promotes a better understanding of the history, society and creation of countries,\" Richard added. As the festival ambassador, Huang Jue, who has starred in hit films like Long Day's Journey Into Night and Letter from an Unknown Woman, said he has always been passionate about French history and culture and is ready to learn French in the future. \"Learning French requires a lot of rigor and hard work, but it nourishes tolerance and solidarity,\" the actor said", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "  Chinese composer and conductor Tan Dun, who won the Oscar for the original score of the movie Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, has always been ahead of the curve. Tan, a native of Changsha, Hunan province, was trained at the Central Conservatory of Music in Beijing. Despite his classical training, Tan has created music with the sounds of water, wind and paper. He has also documented nyushu, an ancient language used mostly by women in Hunan. Now, he is collaborating with folk musicians of the China National Traditional Orchestra to present his works\u00a3\u00adthe Fire Ritual Violin Concerto and the Cello Concerto Crouching Tiger and Hidden Dragon\u00a3\u00adat the capital's National Center for the Performing Arts on Friday. Tan says the idea was inspired by his trip to Dunhuang, Gansu province, three years ago, where he saw the famous cave paintings. \"Big orchestras, musicians and various instruments were displayed in those large paintings, which told me how diverse Chinese music was thousands of years ago,\" says Tan, adding that he wants to reinterpret ancient scores with the help of a modern orchestra to connect the old and the new. Norwegian violinist Eldbjorg Hemsing, who will perform in the Fire Ritual Violin Concerto, says: \"Tan Dun's vision is not to introduce China to the world but to introduce the world to China.\" Using the classical violin with an orchestra of traditional Chinese instruments is not known to have been done here before, she says. She calls the concert \"a truly special event\".,  In 2010, Hemsing met Tan for the first time at his studio in Shanghai, where she had gone to play in Tan's violin concerto inspired by Peking Opera, with the Trondheim Symphony Orchestra under his baton. \"I remember one very specific question he asked me: 'What is your feeling and perception about the piece?' He wanted to hear what my thoughts were and how I'd interpret it,\" Hemsing recalls. The foundation of how they work together is still openness and curiosity, she adds. Fire Ritual, which premiered in Beijing in 1997, was one of Tan's concertos for huqin, a two-stringed bowed instrument. According to the composer, Hemsing will play the violin in a manner similar to how the Chinese instruments erhu (a bowed instrument) and guqin (Chinese zither) are played. The orchestra members will be arranged across the stage and the audience will be seated in a way that will resemble royal performances during the Tang Dynasty (618-907). The Cello Concerto Crouching Tiger and Hidden Dragon is based on Tan's Oscar-winning score, which was performed by cellist Yo-Yo Ma, for the Ang Lee film.,Tan says he composed the Cello Concerto Crouching Tiger and Hidden Dragon for the violin and cello in the style of traditional Chinese folk music. \"It's almost like a conversation between the China National Traditional Orchestra and Western musical instruments,\" he says. Tan says he hopes to inspire people's imaginations with classical music. He will also present his compositions Passacaglia: Secret of Wind and Birds and Internet Symphony Eroica at the NCPA on Friday. Passacaglia premiered in 2015. It takes inspiration from the ancient and the modern, the East and the West, and from nature and man-made objects. Tan has incorporated the chirping of birds produced by phones. \"The symphony orchestra is expanding with the inclusion of new instruments. I thought the cellphone ... might be a wonderful new instrument that reflects our lives today,\" Tan says. The Internet Symphony Eroica features videos of some 3,000 musicians from more than 70 countries. Tan did the rehearsal with musicians online across the world. The project was presented at Carnegie Hall in 2009. \"The internet is an invisible Silk Road, joining different cultures around the world,\" says Tan. 7:30 pm, Friday. NCPA, 2 West Chang'an Avenue, Xicheng district, Beijing. 010-6655-0000.     ", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Action giant Jackie Chan recently joined a string of established singers to celebrate the 1,000-day countdown to the 2022 Winter Olympics. The winter sports extravaganza will be held in Beijing and co-host Zhangjiakou in adjacent Hebei province that year from Feb 4 to 22. The \"Burning Ice, Countdown 1,000 Days to Beijing Winter Olympics\", concert was held in the capital on Saturday. Kung fu giant Chan, who is also a singer with more than 10 albums under his belt, called on celebrities to use music to welcome the sports event and bring cheer to athletes. Renowned singers who performed at the concert also included Chen Sisi, Wang Hongwei, Xu Weizhou, Yu Kewei and He Jie.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": ", a graduate of Marketing from  fell in love with China after being advised by his modeling agency to move to the nation in 2014. He is from Medellin, Columbia's second largest city, and his family works in real estate. Currently, Santiago models for an internet firm and has worked in a range of Chinese cities, including Suzhou, Hangzhou, Nanning, Guangzhou, Shenzhen, Beijing and Xi'an.  \"I like Chinese buildings and food, with Chinese features, such as fired scorpion,\" he said, adding his first Chinese phrase is \"bu chi la\", which means no spicy food.  While modeling takes up a majority of Santiago's time, he said he plans to start his own business after figuring out China's business environment as he believes he will have a prosperous future in the country. ", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "An exhibition to mark 100 years of the May Fourth Movement opens to the public in Beijing, Cheng Yuezhu reports. The New Culture Movement Memorial of Beijing is holding an exhibition to commemorate the centenary of the May Fourth Movement, an anti-imperialist campaign in China in 1919. With historical artifacts, publications and photographs, the exhibition entitled A Panorama of the May Fourth Movement, which opened to the public on April 23, recounts how students and workers at the time got together to demand national independence and seek reform. On May 4, 1919, more than 3,000 students joined a demonstration in Beijing to oppose the Beiyang government's (1912-28) signing of the unequal Treaty of Versailles. Displaying 180 historical photos and 11 artifacts, the ongoing exhibition comprises five sections in chronological order, from the student demonstrations on May 4, 1919, to China refusing to sign the peace treaty with Germany in June that year.,\"The newspapers and magazines at the time sympathized with the patriotic activities of the students and published illustrations advocating the upholding of national sovereignty. They rejected the treaty and criticized the Beiyang government,\" Qin Suyin, one of the curators, writes in the China Cultural Relics newspaper. \"Such materials are popular with visitors (at the exhibition). They give a vivid picture of the May Fourth Movement and allow people to get a sense of that era,\" Qin adds. The Beijing exhibition not only displays Chinese publications at the time but also includes 18 photographs by the late US photographer Sidney D. Gamble, with support from the Duke University Libraries in the United States. The show runs through June 9 at the exhibition's venue-the Honglou, or Red Building, at the former site of Peking University. Construction started in 1916 and was completed two years later. The building is described as the cradle of the May Fourth Movement, from where the founders and early leaders of the Communist Party of China, including Li Dazhao, Chen Duxiu and Mao Zedong, worked to disseminate Marxism and pushed forward the revolutionary campaign.,The movement also led to the reorganization of the Kuomintang. Chen and Li founded the Weekly Review magazine in the building in 1918. It published news on the movement. Several editions of the magazine are on display at the exhibition. According to Qin, the building witnessed the movement in its entirety. \"I believe there is no other venue that can bring the audience into the scene of the May Fourth Movement as realistically.\" In 1961, the building was listed in the first batch of major national-level protected historical and cultural sites. It was turned into the New Culture Movement Memorial of Beijing and opened to the public in 2002. As a landmark of China's modern history, the building is also one of the most popular sites. According to the memorial's administration office, the site has received more than 50,000 visitors so far this year-over four times the number of the same period last year.,The memorial saw a surge in visitor appointments after President Xi Jinping's speech about strengthening studies on the movement and its spirit. The memorial has registered 231 appointments for May, which amounts to an estimated 10,000 visitors. Apart from visiting the exhibition, students and other groups are also seen taking an \"oath of allegiance\"-to inherit the spirit of the May Fourth Movement and continue to strive for national rejuvenation-in front of the building. Contact the writer at chengyuezhu@chinadaily.com.cn", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "  The Chinese capital's first artificial intelligence robot for legal services was put into operation in a Beijing court on Thursday. The robot, named Xiaofa, stands 1.46 meters tall and provides legal advice and guidance in a child's voice. \"Xiaofa explains complicated legal terms in everyday language to help the public better understand legal definitions,\" said Du Xiangyang, founder and CEO of AEGIS Data, which designed Xiaofa. \"We used a child's voice to ease the tense emotions of litigants who come here for help.\" The robot can move its head and wave its hands as instructions show up on screen, and it can guide people to the exact service window for litigation services. The appearance of Xiaofa was a big move for the Beijing court, as the capital works to build a \"smart\" court system. Over 40,000 litigation questions and 30,000 legal issues can be answered by the robot, according to the court. \"Interaction between humans and machines has improved immensely,\" said Ma Laike, deputy head of Beijing No 1 Intermediate People's Court. \"It will decrease the cost of litigation, save trial resources and improve the efficiency of justice.\" Before the robot was introduced into the Beijing court system, it was tested by legal professionals. In October 2016, China's first AI legal robot, Faxiaotao, was unveiled in Hangzhou, Zhejiang province, attracting visitors from home and abroad. Faxiaotao can help people analyze the best way to solve a dispute, and also assist them in selecting which attorneys are suitable to accept the case, according to the robot's designer, Itslaw, a company that combines internet technology with law. For example, if a company's corporate client believes its advertisements or advertising slogans have been illegally copied by a rival company and would like to hire an attorney who is a specialist, Faxiaotao will first recognize what kind of case it is and then analyze its database for suitable lawyers who have dealt with similar disputes. More than 300,000 attorneys across the country were listed in the company's database last year. When a query is made it selects the best three options, the company said. The Supreme People's Court has ordered Chinese courts at all levels to build technology-friendly systems for lawsuits and explore the use of big data and AI to help judges and litigants search documents and resolve cases. An internal intelligent system covers 3,520 courts across the country, giving the courts access to a great deal of information online.    ", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "BEIJING -- Beijing Municipal Education Commission has ordered safety checks in all kindergartens in the city, after an alleged case of child abuse.  Pre-schoolers at RYB Education New World kindergarten in Chaoyang district were reportedly pierced with needles and fed with unidentified pills by staff. Several parents raised issues online and reported their concerns to authorities late Wednesday, triggering a police investigation.  A commission spokesperson said Friday that they will investigate any activities that harm children's health and welfare in kindergartens and take effective measures to protect children's rights.", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "BEIJING - Beijing has raised the standards for private education institutions. In a standard released by the Beijing Municipal Education Commission, authorities have banned private education institutions from conducting classes in underground areas or residential buildings. Private institutions are not allowed to change teaching venues or expand branches or training areas without authorization. According to the standard, the teaching venues of private education institutions must be more than 300 square meters. Teachers in Chinese, math, English, physics, chemistry, and biology are required to have teacher's certificates, and their names, photos, class numbers and certificate numbers should be displayed in \"obvious areas\" in the teaching venues. Private institutions engaging in pre-school education should not teach elementary school content in advance, including Chinese pinyin, Chinese characters, arithmetics, and English. The standard also stipulates that teaching content should be in line with the educational principles of the Communist Party of China. Private institutions for middle schoolers and elementary students should not host any exams or competitions to rank students. The standard is based on a previous version concerning private institutions issued in 2017.", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "To enhance cultural communication and mutual understanding, the China-Nepal Culture Salon opened in Beijing at the Nepal Embassy in China on Dec 21. Serving as a cooperative platform for cultural organizations and experts, this event was organized by the Chinese Culture Translation and Studies Support Network together with the Nepal Embassy. The three-day salon centered on subjects like literature, art, film and publication, offering intellectuals from both countries a chance to have thorough dialogues for future collaboration projects. \"People in Nepal are very interested in books about Chinese history, society and arts,\" said Leela Mani Paudyal, Nepal's ambassador to China. \"I am looking forward to seeing more Chinese publications introduced to Nepal. It will certainly help Nepalis further understand Chinese culture. And by the efforts of CCTSS, I hope Nepalese works will be widely appreciated in China.\"", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "China will place tariffs on about $60 billion worth of imports from the United States in response to Washington's announcement of additional levies on $200 billion worth of Chinese goods, the Customs Tariff Commission of the State Council said on Tuesday. Beijing announced on Tuesday its plans to slap additional tariffs on 5,207 categories of US products with two rate levels, 10 percent and 5 percent, according to a statement. The new tariffs levied by China will become effective on Monday. Analysts said that China is capable of sustaining stable expansion despite the impact of the US tariffs. The announcement came after the administration of US President Donald Trump said it will impose 10 percent tariffs on $200 billion worth Chinese goods starting Monday, which will then rise to 25 percent in 2019. The White House earlier threatened that if China hits back, it will immediately pursue further tariffs on about $267 billion of Chinese imports. China has to take countermeasures to \"safeguard the country's legitimate interests and the global free trade order\", the Ministry of Commerce said, adding that the US move brings new uncertainties to bilateral negotiations. China urged the US to recognize the negative consequences of its actions and redress its behavior in a timely manner, the ministry said. Geng Shuang, a foreign ministry spokesman, said talks on an equal footing are the only correct way to resolve trade issues, and \"insincerity\" is unacceptable. China and the US have raised tariffs on $50 billion worth of each other's products since July as their trade tensions escalated over the past few months. Wei Jianguo, a former vice-minister of commerce, said the two countries need to resume discussions as soon as possible to reduce losses for both sides and safeguard global trade order. William Zarit, chairman of the American Chamber of Commerce in China, said, \"The best way forward is an imminent return to results-oriented negotiations.\" Fang Xinghai, vice-chairman of the China Securities Regulatory Commission, said the latest US tariff actions will have a negative effect on the Chinese economy, reducing its GDP growth by about 0.7 percentage point. But he said that \"with ample room to maneuver fiscal and monetary policies, the Chinese economy is expected to remain stable\". Lillian Li, vice-president at Moody's Investors Service, said that fiscal and policy easing will largely offset these effects, leaving China's real GDP growth estimate unchanged. Some US states and cities have continued to show enthusiasm for furthering cooperation with China. On Monday, Michigan Governor Rick Snyder said in Beijing that his visit to China aimed to seek more cooperation with China's central and local governments. Snyder said the tariffs have impacted local US industries, like the automobile sector.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "15 cutting-edge achievements were released at the 5th World Internet Conference on Wednesday. This year's event presented more than 400 leading internet scientific and technological achievements from China, the US, the UK, Germany, France, Russia and Canada, showing the latest technologies on fundamental theory, technological innovation, product process and assembly, business model and cross-category achievements. Here is a look at the 15 achievements. WeChat mini-program is a new internet application developed by China's internet behemoth Tencent. It is embedded in WeChat, so users can just open and use the embedded mini-programs without the requirement of download nor installation.,Tesla's smart service system is customer-oriented, seamlessly integrating online and offline services. It not only provides maintenance solutions for the sake of problem-solving and prevention, but also focuses on value-added services.,The platform is based on Alibaba's cloud to provide services including support integrated management to industrial devices on cloud, implement one-stop industrial APP integration, hosting, and operation, and enable the intelligent analysis and application of industrial data.,The module launched by Qualcomm can support advanced beam forming, beam steering and beam tracking technologies, drastically improving the range and reliability of millimeter wave signals. It features an integrated 5G NR radio transceiver, power management IC, RF front-end components and phased antenna array.,Developed by the Tsinghua University, the technology brings independent reconfigurable hardware security modules into the traditional CPU chips, which evaluates the hardware security in real time.,Developedd by Microsoft, Azure Sphere is a new-solution to create highly-secured, internet-connected microprocessor devices. It includes three components of Azure Sphere certified MPU, Azure Sphere OS and Azure Sphere Security Service that work together to protect and power billions of devices.,The platform backed by Xiaomi, that provides intelligent scenarios, and hardware and software ecology services to consumers, software and hardware companies, and individual developers.,It is an AI processor developed by Huawei, that breaks through design constraints on the power consumption and computing capability. It can provide solutions for application scenarios such as safe city, self-manufacturing, robots, and will speed up AI to empower various industries.,The Ant blockchain has been used in several production-level applications, with leading technologies applied to various fields such as business and finance.,Co-developed by the Peking University and Beijing Internetware Co Ltd, YanCloud platform supports the efficient interoperability of cloud-client-convergence systems. YanCloud is applied to the fields of energy, textile and food.,Amazon SageMaker is a fully-managed platform that enables developers and data scientists to quickly and easily build, train and deploy machine learning models at any scale. It removes all the barriers that typically slow down developers while they use machine learning algorithms.,Launched by Qihu 360, brain of security comprehensively adopts new technologies such as artificial intelligence, big data, cloud computing, sensor and blockchain to protect critical infrastructure security, social security, urban security and personal security.,JD.com developed the smart supply chain technology service platform is a world leading decision-making and operation optimization platform for supply chain management. It supports decision-makings and product assortment, inventory management and dynamic pricing.,It is an autonomous driving open-source platform from Baidu, which gives support to developers to obtain equal access to smart driving, and empowers developers in sectors od hardware procurement, data, testing, education and investment.,Zhouyi, a new AI platform independently developed by Arm Technology (China) Co Ltd, is compatible with the global IoT artificial intelligence application technology system and is capable of providing AI computing power to existing hundreds of billions of future IoT devices.", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "Beijing food critic Dong Keping's book, Xun Wei'er, Dong Keping's Food Notes (Looking for Tastiness), has just been released. Dong, who was an adviser to the popular food-documentary series hit, A Bite of China, says that those in the catering business\u00a3\u00adboth chefs and restaurant managers\u00a3\u00adshould eat out more often or make food trips to broaden their horizons and learn from others. The book, published by Qingdao Publishing House, features his jottings about the food he has tasted at home and abroad in recent years. And it ranges from Cantonese food and spicy Sichuan dishes to a small French restaurant in Paris. The book also delves into the history and culture of Chinese food, and introduces traditional Chinese foods eaten at various times of the year, like the Spring Festival. Dong also focuses on the latest trends in the food industry, like more Chinese restaurants opening up in the central business districts overseas.,A new book by Wang Haiming, the secretary-general of the China Finance 40 Forum, a nongovernmental platform of Chinese think tanks, explores the role of conservative think tanks in US politics. The book, published by China Citic Press, is a useful addition for Chinese scholars interested in the subject. In the book, Wang looks at the formation, development and predicaments of the think tanks, and looks at the Trump administration from a political perspective, making the book a timely read.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Imagine a miniature of the old building of China Central Television built in the 1980s. And with holograms on the building and classic songs of CCTV's Spring Festival galas during the 1980s and 1990s, it's like a time-travel to the past. There are also mannequins of performers putting on make-up, program directors preparing for the gala, and major characters from classic Chinese TV drama  . The TV series was produced by CCTV. The United Kingdom-based Merlin Entertainments plc recently unveiled the miniature at a press conference in Beijing. And it is part of the Little Big City Beijing display, which presents miniatures of Beijing's landmarks with 3D-models, projection mappings and holograms. The display will open on the historical Qianmen Street this summer. It's the second Little Big City, besides the one in Berlin, Germany. The press conference was also a reunion for the cast of the TV drama who recounted their memories about the old CCTV building.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "        JD.com Inc, one of China's biggest online marketplaces, has launched its first robot couriers.  A robot courier delivered the first item to Renmin University, the alma mater of CEO Liu Qiangdong, in Beijing on Sunday. Other schools the robot couriers sent packages to include Tsinghua University, Zhejiang University and Chang'an University.  The vehicles follow optimal routes based on calculation, and send messages to recipients five minutes before reaching the destinations. The recipients obtain the packages with facial recognition or by inputting a code.  The robot couriers, equipped with laser radars and cameras, are capable of avoiding obstacles on routes and recognizing traffic lights. With different sizes, they move three to four km/hour and can deliver six to 20 items in one trip.  JD.com will further expand its fleet of robot couriers to more than 100 this year, mainly in universities and residential communities in Beijing, Hangzhou of Zhejiang province, and Xi'an of Shaanxi province. ", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "  On Jan 21, 1996, the first train left Beijing West Railway Station, marking the official opening of the station. It was the largest in Asia when it was completed in 1995. An item from Sept 2 that year in China Daily showed passengers lining up at the station to embark the first train to travel from Beijing to Shenzhen, Guangdong province, on the new Beijing-Kowloon line. The nation's capital has four railway stations - Beijing, Beijing West, Beijing South and Beijing North. With the establishment of a new administrative center in Tongzhou district, it will soon have another. Construction of the new Beijing Fengtai Station started last year and is expected to be completed by the end of 2020. Once completed, the buildings of the new station will cover 398,000 square meters, which is 78,000 sq m larger than Beijing South Railway Station, currently one of Asia's largest. The project is aimed at easing pressure on Beijing West Railway Station, which reached its capacity of 180,000 passengers a day in 2016. The new Fengtai station is designed with 12 platforms and 22 rail lines, with major high-speed routes, including lines from the capital to Guangzhou, Shanghai and Hong Kong, according to the Beijing Commission of Housing and Urban-Rural Development. The old Fengtai station, built in 1895, was the oldest in the capital. It ceased passenger service in June 2010, and trains just pass through. The city's expansion of railway stations reflects the growth of the country's railway network in recent years. According to a plan issued by the National Development and Reform Commission, China will have a 175,000-kilometer rail network by the end of 2025, including 38,000 km of high-speed track. Since the opening of the first high-speed rail line in 2007, 29,000 km have been laid.", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "The Czech Philharmonic is launching a tour of China until May 23, visiting Chinese cities, including Nanjing, Jiangsu province; Wuhan, Hubei province; Fuzhou, Fujian province and Beijing. The tour is to mark the 70th anniversary of diplomatic relations between China and the Czech Republic, and also to mark the 70th anniversary of the People's Republic of China. The tour was announced at the Czech embassy in Beijing on April 25 by Wray Armstrong, the chairman of Armstrong Music and Arts, the organizer of the Czech Philharmonic's upcoming China tour, and David Mare ek, the CEO of the Czech Philharmonic. During the tour, the Czech Philharmonic performs under the baton of Petr Altrichter, with repertories by Czech composer Antonin Dvo ak, including Romance, op. 11; Mazurek, op. 49 and Slavonic Dances, op. 46. The orchestra also performs the fourth movement of Sinfonietta: Allegretto; Presto by Czech composer Leos Janaek and Valse triste by Czech composer Oskar Nedbal. Czech solo violinist Josef Spa ek, the concert master of the Czech Philharmonic, performs during the tour. On May 12, the Czech Philharmonic will perform the wellknown Chinese song, My Country, featuring Chinese tenor Liu Zhi, with Jiangsu Symphony Orchestra at the Jiangsu Centre for the Performing Arts, in Nanjing. According to Mare ek, the Czech Philharmonic, founded in 1896 and based in Prague, paid its first visit to China in 1959 with three concerts held in Beijing and Shanghai. It was led by its then artistic director and conductor Karel An erl. Then, Czech violinist Josef Suk and Czech pianist Jan Panenka joined in the tour, which saw the orchestra perform music pieces, including The Symphony No. 3 in E major, Op. 55 by Ludwig van Beethoven and the Romeo and Juliet Fantasy Overture by Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky. The last tour launched by the Czech Philharmonic in China was in 2016, to mark the orchestra's 120th anniversary. Speaking about the orchestra's achievements, Mare ek says: \"The Czech Philharmonic represents the peak of Czech cultural achievement. \"In 1896, Antonin Dvo ak conducted the orchestra's debut performance at the Rudolfinum, which is still home to the orchestra's concerts in Prague. \"We've established a long friendship with China during our past tours in the country. \"We've also seen great audiences and talented musicians in China.\"", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "For TwoziBalloons, a professional balloon services provider, Christmas is especially busy as more customers order Christmas-themed balloons to decorate their homes. Six years ago, TwoziBalloons founders Zheng Zhong and Ni Miaomiao found an opportunity in balloons and started their workshop in Hangzhou, East China's Zhejiang province, which turned into a successful business. Ni fell in love with balloons when she was a child. However, even in Beijing, the capital city, it's difficult to find a good balloon store. Sometime, she saw peddlers selling balloons in the street, but the quality was not good, and the balloons popped quickly. Ni started spending lots of time attending special training courses to learn more about balloons and contacted insiders to improve design creativity. As more people began to pay attention to holiday spirit, TwoziBalloons launched its store on Taobao, China's biggest online shopping platform, in 2016, as Taobao had become an essential part for most young people. Now, Zheng Zhong and Ni Miaomiao have become a couple, and their 20-person team has become an icon in Beijing, Zhejiang and Fujian provinces. Either online or offline, TwoziBalloons adheres to quality, putting more efforts to incorporate more popular elements into balloon design. \"No matter how far we develop, we'll not forget why we started this business,\" Zheng said.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "The internet has deconstructed lives of many people in various ways since its emergence, and will continue in doing so for many years to come.  The China Internet Conference, held for three days from July 11 in Beijing, has allowed attendees to catch a glimpse at knowing the latest trends in the online platform. Dozens of tech company founders and high-level executives shared the ins and outs of how their businesses have influenced people. The examples have been listed below:     Zhang Fayou, co-founder of WiFi Master Key, with a customer base of 900 million, valued at $1 billion, said WiFi has evolved into a necessity for many people, with a majority of internet users accessing a connection as the first thing they do when returning home from a day's work.  \"WiFi Master Key, based on its big data analysis technology, informs its users of which free WiFi hotspots are deemed safe. If one WiFi hotspot indicates it is in Shandong province one day and in Shanxi province the next day, there might be a problem.\"  \"In addition, those who suffer a property loss due to the connection to a WiFi hotspot under the help of a WiFi Master Key could claim compensation.\" \"However, in saying this, since the company introduced insurance in 2015, there has been no such claim.\",   He Chao, senior vice-president of We Doctor, with a registered customer base of 165 million, valued at $3 billion, confirmed that the We Doctor Group, whichstarted as an online platform for registration to replace lining up at hospitals, and evolved into an internet hospital platform, aimed to open 100 primary care center nationwide. \"We are not only creating good-quality medical services, but extends these services to more people,\" He said.  \"The We Doctor Primary Care Center, leveraging on many years' effort to connect patients online and doctors offline, as well as many years' efforts in building its connection with hospitals, will change the whole medical service system and bring benefits to the new emerging middle class.\"    Wu Zhaoguo, the chairman of Sibu Group, connecting 1.3 million distributors, brick-and-mortar stores, along with business incubators, said he was \"sorry to everyone attending the China Internet Conference.\" \"I guess you must have been bothered by people who sold products on WeChat over the last two years, and I was the one that behind those \u00a1\u00aemicro retailers',\" Wu said. \"Social commerce is not about products without production date, certification or manufacturer, nor pyramid scheme.\"  \"However, illegal merchants took advantage of this form and made our company which paid 200 million yuan in tax last year under great pressure.\" \"Over the past three years, I have visited the Ministry of Commerce and State Administration for Industry Commerce to tell officials of how the social commerce model allows those, who have no money to run a business on e-commerce platforms and no money to rent a shop, to start up their own business.\",   Zhang Shengbo, founder of Angusmou.com, which is said to connect husbandry, internet and finance, said if you download the app and pay 5,000 yuan, you can adopt an Australian-based Angus.  \"Via this, you can get spot beef directly from Australian ranches at low prices, and by raising this cow, you can get investment returns, which are in the form of future beef,\" Zhang said. \"Over the past year, we have acquired 200,000 such customers and the value of cattle has reached 50 million yuan.  \"We control six ranches in Australia, which is equivalent to the area of four Singapore.  \"In the downstream, we understand that consumers want safe, stable and crystal investment channels, and safe, traceable food at not very high prices. In the upstream, we know ranches want pre-paid cash to decide how much beef to produce.\" \"Even if you do not eat beef, you could also raise an animal, and the weight gain of this cowis your return in investment. You could cash it in easily as we have cooperated with an Australian livestock exchange.\"  Yu Xin, co-founder of ofo, said on the China Internet Conference on July 12 that in the days before bike-sharing startup ofo, it took almost the same time to travel three kilometers and 20 kilometers in urban cities. \"Shared bikes have changed the way people travel, and we hope lots of young people will fall in love with cycling and say \"let's ofo\" when they need to go to short-distance destinations,\" Yu said. ", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "  Beijing authorities have begun soliciting public opinion on a draft rental policy aimed at protecting the rights of tenants. The draft, however, has caused anxiety that rents in the capital would rise as it guarantees the education rights of tenants' children in schools around rented homes.  According to the draft, which was published by Beijing housing authorities on Thursday, Beijing's local governments should increase the supply of houses available for rent around industrial parks and on collectively-used land.  The newly-built houses should be rented to those working in the industrial parks or in the vicinity, and the area should be equipped with educational and medical facilities.  \"For these newly-built areas with no medical facilities within a five-minute walk, medical facilities should be set once the population in these areas reaches a certain number,\" said the draft, without specifying what that number should be.  An online supervisory platform will be set up, which will provide house rental information, electronic rental contracts and applications, and supervision of transactions, the draft said.  The draft also guarantees the education rights of tenants' children in schools around rented homes.  It said Beijing residents who do not own houses can apply for their children to receive compulsory education in the area near their rented home, provided that they have lived in the area for at least three years and one of the couple has worked in the area for at least three years.  Non-Beijing residents can also apply for their children to receive compulsory education in the area of their rented houses, according to the draft.  Currently in Beijing, children usually cannot be admitted into schools unless their parents own houses in the area. To guarantee children's admission into key schools, many parents have to buy houses nearby, which has made housing prices near these schools extremely high.  Many netizens have shown anxiety over rising rent as it will be much cheaper to guarantee children a high-quality education by renting a house than buying one, and this could offer house owners near key schools a good reason to raise rents.  \"I couldn't afford a house in Beijing. If the draft is passed, I'm afraid I won't be able to afford to rent one,\" commented one netizen on Sina Weibo. Many netizens also shared the same anxiety.  Yan Yuejin, research director of the E-House China R&D Institute, said it's \"highly possible\" that the change will result in rising rents.  He estimated that in the final version of the policy the Beijing government will only guarantee the education rights of children of tenants who rent government-subsidized or company-owned apartments, and tenants of privately-owned houses will not enjoy the policy.  Beijing residents renting government-subsidized housing such as public rental houses can have their hukou, or household registration, registered and transferred to the houses, the draft said.  In May, Beijing authorities said they would increase the supply of houses for rent within the next five years, and that 500,000 new houses would be built.  houliqiang@chinadaily.com.cn     ", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "The Ministry of Transport will take steps to boost the development of autonomous driving technology in China, according to Minister Li Xiaopeng. \"We have selected some areas of Xiongan New Area, Zhejiang province and Xiamen, Fujian province, as pilot zones for the technology,\" Li said at a news conference in Beijing on Thursday. \"We will also cooperate with other countries to accelerate the development of autonomous driving,\" he added. Li stressed that autonomous driving, as a rising, cutting-edge technology, is of great importance to China in terms of safety, efficiency, services and the development of industries. \"China is paying great attention to the development of this technology. Our principle is to encourage trials, allow failures, ensure safety and oppose monopolies,\" he said. Autonomous driving, although a new concept, has been embraced by many people. A survey released in November 2017 by JD Power, a global marketing information services company based in the United States, found that almost 80 percent of Chinese consumers welcomed autonomous driving, although they might have concerns about the safety of the technology and the lack of related laws and regulations. To root out people's concerns and ensure better development, the Ministry of Transport created China's first regulations for road testing for autonomous vehicles in April, jointly with the Ministry of Public Security and the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, Li said. In July, the Ministry of Transport released guidance on how to build safe closed test sites for autonomous driving. So far, three closed test sites nationwide - in Beijing, Chongqing and Xi'an, Shaanxi province - have been approved by the ministry, Li said. The one in Xi'an released some draft guidance on testing on Wednesday, Xinhua News Agency reported. According to the guidance, drivers and vehicles that have passed inspections are allowed to test autonomous vehicles in designated open areas of the city. Only enterprises or research institutes that have mastered the technology can perform tests, and they must have the financial ability to pay for accidental losses and to monitor and control the vehicles. Accidents during the tests will be handled in accordance with the city's laws and regulations on traffic safety, the guidance said. Li said autonomous driving will take some time to be well applied. The ministry will work with other ministries and commissions to set up national guidance and standards. \"Legislation in the field should follow,\" he said.", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "When the second Beijing Documentary Week kicked off at the China Millennium Monument last week, 97-year-old translator Xu Yuanchong arrived in a wheelchair. As the first Asian winner of the Aurora Borealis prize, the world's highest honor in the field of translation, Xu is the \"protagonist\" of My Legacy and I: Xu Yuanchong, a documentary that opened the annual event. The documentary is part of the 10-episode TV series My Legacy and I, which recounts stories of 10 celebrities, including actor Pu Cunxin, dancer Yang Liping, artist Cai Guoqiang and Demos Chiang, a great grandson of former Kuomintang leader Chiang Kai-shek. Xu attended the premiere for a simple yet emotional reason-to see his late wife Zhao Jun again on the big screen. Zhao, who married Xu in 1959, passed away on June 15 in Beijing. In the 40-minute documentary, a series of trivial moments between the couple were captured on camera to reveal the lesser-known side of the world-renowned translator. One scene shows how he fell from his bicycle and got injured after a night of hanging out in Peking University. Even though he had to stay in hospital for two weeks, Xu depicts the fall as poetically beautiful, because the accident occurred in an alley flooded by moonlight. Held by Beijing Municipal Bureau of Press, Publication, Radio, Film and Television, the seven-day event runs through Thursday. Over the course of the week, nine cinemas and five art venues screened 52 acclaimed documentaries, which were selected from more than 1,000 entries. Highlights included Still Tomorrow, a biographical documentary about Chinese poet Yu Xiuhua; Chinese Heavyweight, about a boxing coach and his two students from rural China; The Verse of Us, which follows six working class poets; and Sky Ladder: The Art of Cai Guoqiang, which documents the works of the eponymous artist. Additionally, an exhibition has broadcast 40 documentaries, one produced each year from 1978 to 2018, to reflect the strides China has made, thanks to its reform and opening-up. Aside from the screenings, the event also hosted a string of forums to look into the history of documentary production in China and the future of documentaries in the digital era. Thanks to the rapid expansion of the Chinese film industry, documentary-a somewhat marginalized genre-has also seen a rise in audience interest, and with it, market share, in recent years, says Wu Wenfeng, editor-in-chief of the documentary channel on streaming service iQiyi. \"Up until 2015, documentaries released online relied on pre-run advertisements to make some profit, but now viewers are willing to pay to see the content,\" explains Wu. However, for Zhang Zhaowei, a documentary director known for the series, Who Are Singing Their Songs Over There, budding documentary makers need to polish their skills. He suggests that they spend time reading novels or viewing art in order to hone their aesthetic taste, which he believes is an essential part of storytelling. \"What happens today will become history tomorrow,\" says Gao Changli, director of the publicity department with the State Administration of Press, Publication, Radio, Film and Television. \"Documentaries are very important in the recording of history.\"", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Designated traffic lanes will be set aside on Beijing-Chongli Expressway for smooth traffic flow during the upcoming 2019 Beijing International Horticultural Exhibition, the capital's transport authorities said on Monday, Beijing News reported. The expo, which will kick off on April 29 and run until Oct 7, is expected to attract 16 million visitors from home and abroad. The special lanes will be put in use on weekends and national holidays (Labor Day, Dragon Boat Festival, Mid-Autumn Festival and National Day) during the horticultural exhibition, according to Beijing Municipal Commission of Transportation. While the special lanes are in use, only public transport vehicles, large passenger cars, certified Beijing Expo vehicles, road maintenance vehicles and emergency vehicles, such as police cars, firefighting vehicles and ambulances, will be allowed to run on these lanes. The restriction applies to vehicles traveling out of Beijing between 7 am and 11 am and to those entering the city from outside Beijing between 5 pm and 10 pm. Violators will be fined 100 yuan. Also part of support measures for visitors to the event, construction of 11 temporary parking lots was completed earlier this month. The parking lots, with a total area of 106.04 hectares, can accommodate more than 20,000 vehicles.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Beijing Daxing International Airport, an 80 billion yuan ($11.6 billion) construction project that should improve international communication and boost the local economy, is expected to open by Sept 30, a senior official announced on Thursday. Eighty percent of the interior construction has been completed and all of the external construction has been finished, according to the new Beijing airport's office. The water supply pipeline network and transformer substations for electricity are ready. The natural gas pipeline is being built and will soon be put into use, said Cui Xiaohao, deputy head of the Beijing Commission of Development and Reform and deputy director of the airport office.,\"The new airport will help the capital to serve international travelers better when it opens,\" he said. \"Given the strong regional transportation network between Beijing, Tianjin and Hebei, one can reach Beijing's downtown center, Beijing's (governmental) sub center in Tongzhou district and Xiongan New Area within half an hour and go to nearby cities including Tianjin, Shijiazhuang, Tangshan and Baoding within an hour after arriving at the airport.\" \"The airport will provide transportation convenience for the integrated development of Beijing, Tianjin and Hebei province,\" he said.,The new airport, which is expected to become North China's air travel hub, is situated on the border of Beijing and Langfang, Hebei province. It is 46 kilometers from Tian'anmen Square, 26 km from downtown Langfang, 55 km from the Xiongan New Area and 67 km from Beijing Capital International Airport. Its construction adopted green and energy-saving concepts. Zhang Ru, a representative of the airport construction headquarters, said the terminal's design incorporates natural light as much as possible, and many other technological innovations were used in building the integrated transportation network around the airport. \"The project includes ... (seven) integrated transportation networks, which will combine highway, intercity rail, high-speed rail and subways, with the airport at the center,\" she said.,Passengers traveling through Beijing Capital International Airport exceeded 100 million in 2018, according to the General Administration of Civil Aviation, which is close to its limit. The administration predicted that passenger numbers through the capital will reach 150 million by 2025. The new airport-with four runways and a 700,000 square meter terminal-will help to meet the demand and improve the global flight network. It is expected to be the world's largest. The airport is designed to handle 72 million passengers, 20 million metric tons of cargo and mail, and 620,000 takeoffs and landings annually by 2025. There are long-term plans to expand the passenger number to 100 million annually.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "A minisatellite designed and assembled by a Chinese space startup, Commsat Technology Development Co, blasted off on Friday afternoon, which the designers say will enable thousands of students to track and help control the spacecraft. The 3-kilogram CubeSat, named Young Pioneer I, was launched atop a Long March 2D carrier rocket from Jiuquan Satellite Launch Center in northwestern China along with six other satellites. The miniature spacecraft has a designed life span of a year in a sun-synchronous orbit and when its batteries are expended, it will burn up on re-entry into the atmosphere, said Xie Tao, founder and CEO of Commsat. He said the satellite has equipment to take pictures and allow students access to long distance communication technology. The satellite was part of the China Youngster Minisatellite Project initiated by the China Soong Ching Ling Foundation, China Association for Science and Technology and the Chinese Society of Education. The project aims to popularize astronomical sciences among youth. To help students study astronomy and track the minisatellite, a main ground station was built at the China Soong Ching Ling Science and Culture Center for Young People in Beijing. Some 10 substations have been established in schools across the country, including Beijing No 4 High School and Wenchang Middle School in Wenchang, Hainan province - seat of China's southernmost satellite launch center, the company said. All the ground stations, converted from science labs, are managed by teachers who received training from the company. Schools pay for the training sessions for teachers and students, station equipment and teaching aids such as actual size CubeSat models, it said. The minisatellite also carries commercial projects, such as testing technology in space. Peng Yuanyuan, co-founder and chief operating officer of Commsat, said schools with such ground stations can offer courses that popularize knowledge about satellite tracking and control. \"The course could stimulate students' interest,\" she said. Tan Lichuan, who teaches sciences at Wenchang Middle School, said the program also fosters students' ability to figure things out for themselves and promotes a positive perception of engineering. \"It supplements classroom education and offers them more learning opportunities,\" he said. In 2016, Bayi Youngsters 'Expedition - Chinese teenagers' first satellite - was developed by Beijing's Bayi School with help from scientists.", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "The rapid development of China's sharing economy has seen a growing number of people opting to provide services on a casual basis for companies that operate via online apps, providing designated drivers, cleaners, couriers and food delivery to homes and offices. About 70 million people were working in the sector last year, and the number is expected to hit 100 million in 2020, according to the State Information Center under the National Development and Reform Commission. However, the casual nature of the arrangement means that many companies do not offer employment contracts or insurance in the event of sickness or injury, and there is no paid leave. Essentially, if an employee is unable to work, they receive nothing. Wang Haoyu's story is a case in point. After his pelvis and legs were injured in a road accident in March, the 19-year-old deliveryman spent two weeks convalescing at his dormitory outside the north Fifth Ring Road in Beijing. From his sickbed, Wang watched as his comrades left early in the morning and returned late at night, and the realization that they were earning while he was not filled him with anxiety. \"They were all making money, but I wasn't. On the contrary, someone actually owed me money but wouldn't pay up, so I was quite worried,\" he said. That \"someone\" was the driver of a BMW who caused Wang's injuries when he turned unexpectedly, hitting the native of Kaifeng, Henan province, and severely damaging his electric bike. At the time of the accident, Wang, who arrived in the capital in April, was working as a delivery rider for Baidu Waimai, an online food platform. The severe bruising he sustained left him unable to work, and as he had no medical insurance he had to pay 800 yuan ($123) for health checks and medication, and it cost 1,700 yuan to have his e-bike repaired. The traffic police concluded that the driver was entirely responsible for the accident and was liable to pay compensation. However, he flatly refused to pay, and though Wang had the option of suing for compensation, he decided against legal action because it would entail considerable time and energy. Instead, he repeatedly contacted the driver to request compensation, but was turned down every time. \"I only earn 200 to 300 yuan ($30 to $46) a day, but the accident cost me about 2,500 yuan,\" he said. \"What's more, I earned nothing while I was recuperating. I was so depressed.\" During his two-week layoff, he was desperate to start earning again. \"I just wanted to recover as soon as possible to make money,\" he said.,Wang didn't know that his medical costs would have been covered if his employer had provided insurance against occupational injury. However, like many of the 70 million people employed in the sharing economy, he was not covered for occupational injury and had no access to a medical care program. China's Labor Law and the Labor Contract Law stipulate that companies judged to have \"labor relations\" with employees are obliged to contribute the lion's share of payments toward five types of social security, including injury, medical and endowment insurance, while workers pay a minimal amount. However, while the signing of an employment contract is often seen as signifying \"labor relations\", the law does not provide a standard definition. Meanwhile, few people who work for online platforms sign labor contracts, meaning they are not technically employed by the platforms, which are therefore not required to contribute to their social security payments. E-Daijia, a leading designated driver platform, said its 200,000 drivers are classified as part-time employees. \"They all have their own formal jobs, and are free to offer their services or rest any time they want. We sign service contracts with them directly and have no obligation to shoulder their social security requirements,\" said Zhang Dongpeng, a publicity officer for the company. Platforms such as E-Daijia provide drivers for clients who are either unwilling or unable to drive their vehicles for various reasons, such as excessive alcohol consumption or the need to work en route. The designated drivers, who ride small e-bikes, accept orders via the company's mobile app, and when they rendezvous with the client they simply load their bike into the trunk of the car and drive to the specified destination. Other platforms, such as Ele.me, Baidu Waimai and Meituan Waimai-the country's three biggest online food delivery platforms-use a more complex employment model in which they cooperate with third-party companies that recruit casual workers via service contracts. The arrangement means neither the third party nor the online platform is obliged to contribute toward workers' social security payments. \"The model understands the needs of the delivery industry and benefits our operating efficiency,\" said Cai Min, a publicity official with Ele.me. Liu Zhong works as a designated driver for Didi Daijia, a larger competitor of E-Daijia, in Beijing. \"I signed a service contract with a HR company in Zhejiang province, even though I work in Beijing. The contract I signed makes no mention of social security payments,\" said the 28-year-old native of Henan province. Calls requesting an interview with Didi Daijia were not returned. Jiang Ying, director of the School of Law at China University of Labor Relations, said the model has a high degree of flexibility. \"Online platforms outsource their labor requirements to third-party companies. There's no fixed period of employment, so the platforms can decide whether to continue to use workers according to the prevailing business conditions,\" she said. \"Additionally, the model saves the online platforms money. Hiring workers directly requires high expenditure-for example, contributing to their social security payments. \"However, without the security provided by employment injury, medical and endowment insurance, the workers may experience financial troubles if they are involved in an accident, fall sick or just grow too old to do the job.\",China is the world's biggest food delivery market. According to Meituan Waimai, Ele.me and Baidu Waimai, toward the end of last year, their combined 1 million riders delivered more than 27 million orders every day. Though Xue Dongdong, a food delivery rider in Beijing, signed a service contract with Beijing Fengqiao Freight Co, a third-party outfit, he works for Baidu Waimai. The 28-year-old from Shanxi province often works about 16 hours a day. \"I usually go to work at 6:30 am and arrive back at the dormitory at about 11 pm. If I don't do that, I won't fulfill my order quota,\" he said, adding that he has to make at least 400 deliveries a day just to collect his basic salary. He noted that the food delivery industry has high and low seasons, according to the weather. \"The number of people who go out to eat falls during the hottest days of summer and the coldest days in winter-orders rise at those times. Right now, we don't have many orders because it's the low season, so I only earn about 4,000 yuan a month,\" he said, speaking in April ahead of the summer heat. The riders accept orders via the company's app, and the amount they receive per order depends on the prices of the dishes requested and the distance they have to ride to deliver them. Time is the big factor. Xue's contract stipulates that every order should be completed within 37 minutes-if not, he only receives half the agreed fee. The situation means delivery operatives often ride too quickly and always keep an eye on their smartphones when in transit, searching for more orders, which places them at a greater risk of accidents. \"We all know it is dangerous, but customers place lots of orders at lunch and dinner times. If we don't accept them on the mobile app within a certain time, our salaries will be affected,\" he said. The contract he signed with Beijing Fengqiao Freight clearly states that the company has no obligation to contribute to its riders' social security payments. Initially, Xue wanted to find a job that provided social security, but his opinion changed when he realized he would have to make a contribution himself. \"I think it's more beneficial to save cash now. I don't really see any advantages to having social security at normal times,\" he said. According to CNBC, Deliveroo, a leading global online food delivery platform, is providing free medical insurance for 35,000 food delivery riders in 12 countries. The program covers as much as 75 percent of a rider's average income if they sustain an injury while working. However, the company declined to provide further benefits because it believes additional help could jeopardize the workers' self-employed status.,The third-party model has also prompted labor disputes. Ofo, one of China's leading providers of shared bikes, used the model to employ people to locate damaged bikes and move them to designated locations. However, according to news portal Jiemian, some workers staged a protest outside Ofo's Shanghai office in May, claiming they had been fired without warning after failing to meet what they believed were unreasonable targets. Ofo has denied the allegations. Given the rapid development of the sharing economy, some workers are happy to accept the lack of security as a necessary evil, while others have adopted a \"once bitten, twice shy\" approach. \"I believe that social security would be good for us, but it is not practical for my nominal employer (the HR company in Zhejiang) and Didi Daijia to pay my insurance,\" said Liu, the designated driver in Beijing. \"However, I don't intend to change my job because I am not skilled in any other work.\" Wang Haoyu, the rider who was hit by a car in March, has conceded defeat in his attempts to obtain compensation from the driver. He has quit his job and returned to his hometown in Henan. \"I don't want to continue with the job because I felt helpless when dealing with the aftermath of the accident. If such a thing were to happen to me in the future, I would feel there was nothing I could do to claim the compensation due to me,\" he said. \"In future, I will only accept a job that provides social security payments, even if the salary isn't very good.\"", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "An increasing number of bookstores with a variety of services supported by the Beijing municipal government has attracted more readers back to physical books. According to a survey covering residents ages from 7 to 70 in the 16 districts of the capital, interest in reading such books has grown. From 2013 to last year, spending by Beijing residents on books rose from 85 yuan to 330 yuan ($12 to $48) annually per person on average. In the past year, Chinese read 7.86 books per person on average, combining both physical and electronic ones, while those living in Beijing read 10.97 physical books, according to the survey, which was conducted by the municipal government, agencies and industry experts. About 65 percent of Beijing residents bought books in bookstores last year, up by 3 percent year-on-year. People in the capital read physical books for 21 minutes and digital books for 44 minutes a day on average, while nationwide they spend a total of 46 minutes a day reading both types. The growing enthusiasm for reading in the city is closely related to the increasing variety of bookstores. PageOne Bookstore in Dashilar, Xicheng district, has become a popular venue because of its helpful service and variety of activities related to reading. Covering 3,000 square meters, the store has 35,000 Chinese-language books and 25,000 foreign-language ones. Cultural and creative products are displayed in different areas of the shop. Liu Gang, the general manager, said: \"Readers' demands have changed ... They don't just need books\u00a3\u00adit's important that we create a cultural place and an enjoyable atmosphere to attract them to reading.\" The store boasts a writers' salon, games and night concerts, which have attracted many people. It is open round-the-clock and has invited customers to experience reading at night by providing tents and creating a comfortable area for them to share views on poems and literature. Liu said the store is not just a book retailer. The games and lectures held there are also necessary to attract readers. More niche reading areas are planned for Xicheng, such as public libraries and bookstores. For instance, the Honglou movie theater, which has not been used for years, will be transformed into a public library where people can bring their books for others to borrow. The municipal government provided financial support to help 40 bookstores that had been running at a loss to realize a profit last year, while profits at 23 stores rose year-on-year. The government also has been encouraging publishers and large bookstores to cooperate on providing innovative reading environments and facilities.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "A new form of theater, which can be watched on the big screen, is gaining favor among young Chinese audiences. It was announced on Wednesday in Beijing that a new season starting from July will include 23 new titles from various live-theater broadcasting projects from London, Moscow and Broadway. This is in addition to a list of 23 productions that have already been screened in 21 cities across the Chinese mainland and Taiwan over the past two years, according to Beijing-based ATW Culture Media Ltd, a distributor of National Theatre Live. \"This is the third year we have brought theater live to the China market, and we have seen a tremendous increase in the number of viewers and venues,\" says Li Congzhou, CEO, ATW Culture. In 2009, the Royal National Theatre in London started its NT Live initiative, which broadcasts high-definition live performances of their productions to cinemas and arts venues around the world. The new form soon became a hit among theater lovers. The project was officially introduced to China in 2015. Since then, 39 venues have joined the program, attracting 150,000 viewers with more than 1,000 screenings. The ticket price is set at 120 yuan ($17). Chen Qiaoyi, a bank clerk in her 20s, has watched five NT live performances in Beijing. She first learned about it from a friend who liked the British actor Tom Hiddleston, who featured in the first series of NT Live screenings in China. \"I was more immersed in the play than I expected,\" says Chen. \"The shooting was great. Most plays come in small theater productions. This was shot from different angles. It maximizes what it feels like to be on the spot.\" Chen is typical of the current foreign-theater audience in China. ATW Culture's Li identifies them as mainly between 20 to 35 years old, female and well-educated. Most are fans of US and British television and films. In recent years, China has caught the world's attention with its fast-growing entertainment industry and an increasingly sophisticated audience. Award-winning musical classics such as Avenue Q and Wicked, and more experimental productions, such as Sleep No More, have all tested the China market. In addition to new screenings, Wednesday also witnessed the launch of the First International Theater Live Festival, which ATW Culture expects to play a role in promoting the new format to a wider audience. He says he hopes more middle school students can start to appreciate theater live to hone their language skills and cultural knowledge. As a new format of theater embracing modern technology, it is also helping to upgrade the performing arts scene in China.  ", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "A proposed plan that aims to allow the children of renters better access to schools in their neighborhood was rolled out in Beijing, reported Xinhua News Agency on Wednesday. According to the proposed plan released by Beijing Education Commission on Wednesday, a school-age child who is a permanent resident of the city and lives in a rented home can enroll at a primary school nearby. The plan is designed to give young people who don't have their own housemore options for their children's education, said Feng Hongrong, an official from the city education commission. The rule targets children from a family who lives in one district and has the family members' or permanent residence, registered in another one. To be eligible for the proposed policy, one of the parents should have worked for over three years in the district where they rent a home. The plan also proposes strict regulations against recruiting students for primary and secondary schools based on participating in after-school education organizations as well as a ban on schools organizing tests for enrolling students. China's Law on Compulsory Education states that governments should offer adolescents of school age access to education in schools where their permanent residence is registered.", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "The 2nd Annual Chinese Handcraft Competition kicked off in Beijing on April 20, dedicated to fuse traditional craft into modern life, and inspire the whole nation's creative vitality. The competition has set up several categories, including embroidery, printing and dyeing, knitting, firing, metalworking, lacquer coating, sculpture and scribing. Participants only have to submit pictures of works during the preliminary online selection, and will have to submit the entity during the onsite selection and expert review phases. The jury comprises of experts from traditional crafts field, national-level intangible cultural heritage representative inheritors, cultural experts and scholars, well-known art masters, designers and representatives from related industry associations and cultural creative industry institutions. The deadline for the entry collection is at the end of July, and participants can enroll through the website   or the official WeChat account of  . Winners will be awarded with certificates of honors, and their works will be included in a photo album for the competition and be showcased on the  . Besides, winners can get chance to take part in the training program and communicate with top international art masters. Liu Qiang, chairman of China Cultural Media Group Limited, said the competition aims to mobilize the initiative and creativity of intangible cultural heritage inheritors and craftsmen through the event, and to link traditional crafts with creative designs, to better satisfy people's anticipation for a better life in new era. The event is supported by the Intangible Cultural Heritage Division of the Ministry of Culture and Tourism, sponsored by the China Cultural Media Group Limited and Beijing Urban and Rural Construction Group, and hosted by the   and the Jimo district government of Qingdao city in Shandong province.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "The 15th Beijing Dance Academy Awards honored 16 Chinese dance dramas on Dec 19 with a gala performance at the school\u00a1\u00afs theater. The showcase featured eight award-winning dance works, accompanied by the Morin Khuur (the horsehead fiddle, a typical folk musical instrument of the Mongolian ethnic group), by Minzu University of China, which won the best performance award, and Airs of the States, a traditional Chinese dance piece by the Beijing Dance Academy, which was awarded the best dance work.,According to Guo Lei, head of the Beijing Dance Academy, the awards began in 1983, and the event is co-organized by the Beijing Dance Academy and Beijing Dancers Association. The 16 award-winning dance dramas display a variety of styles and themes, including ballet and Chinese folk dance. Besides dance works from Chinese art schools,the competition is also open to amateur dancers across a range of age groups from children to elders.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "The international business community is looking forward to the implementation of China's Foreign Investment Law, United Family Healthcare CEO Roberta Lipson said on the sidelines of the China Development Forum in Beijing on March 23. \"We're looking forward to the special implementing regulations as it has to do with our industry, because there's always special management of healthcare investment,\" Lipson said. Lipson, who established China's first foreign-owned hospital in 1997 and experienced the complicated process to set up a company in China as a foreigner, is very excited to see healthcare deleted from the proposed negative list. \"We'll have national treatment in all aspects, so that will take away a lot of the restrictions,\" Lipson said. The newly adopted Foreign Investment encourages foreign business people including Lipson to invest more in the Chinese market. This carries great potential and is particularly relevant in the healthcare industry as China's population ages. \"That's why healthcare is so important. As China ages, the demands for healthcare will continue to increase. And the system really needs to be supplemented with more private investment in order to handle the heavy load \u00a1\u00aa not only in acute healthcare, but also senior living, rehabilitation medicine and hospitals,\" Lipson said. With confidence in China's commitment to protect foreign companies' rights, Lipson will continue to bring the latest technology and healthcare to the country, because it is so important to have continuity in healthcare, she said. \"We've just opened a new hospital in Guangzhou. We also have two new investments, one in Hangzhou, one in Shenzhen that we'll be working on this year and one new hospital in Beijing,\" Lipson said. United Family Healthcare's expansion and Lipson's continued investment in the Chinese market is based on her optimistic outlook on China's economic development, as healthcare is a long-term cause. \"I think (the Chinese economy) will continue to develop, hopefully strongly, and I'm hoping all the tensions between the US and China will be resolved, and then both economies will develop more,\" Lipson said. The Foreign Investment Law was adopted at the closing meeting of the second session of the 13th National People's Congress on March 15, and aims to improve transparency of foreign investment policies and ensure foreign-invested enterprises participate in market competition on an equal basis. The law will take effect on Jan 1, 2020 and then China will manage foreign investment according to a system of pre-establishment national treatment plus a negative list.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "  Drones, or unmanned aerial vehicles, nowadays are used in all kinds of fields, including express delivery, agriculture, media, and search-and-rescue operations. Along with the increase in drone technology, training in drone flying is also taking off. Beijing Lantian Feiyang Technoloy Co Ltd launched the training business in 2014, making it the first drone training company to be accredited by Civil Aviation Administration of China (CAAC) and Aircraft Owners and Pilots Association of China (AOPA-China) in the country. Supervised by China's civil aviation regulator CAAC, AOPA-China is a not-for-profit national general aviation organization, and also represents the interests and rights of the aircraft owners and pilots in China, while accepting the guidance and regulations from International Council of Aircraft Owner and Pilot Associations (IAOPA).", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "The Beijing Education Commission said on Sunday night that a thorough safety inspection will be conducted at all kindergartens citywide, with an education inspector assigned to monitor the process.  Results will be listed in a database that includes information on the kindergartens' facilities, safety and management systems. Those with potential risks and problems will be improved immediately, it said.  The move follows accusations of child abuse at a Beijing kindergarten in the Xintiandi community of Chaoyang district. The kindergarten is affiliated with RYB Education, an international preschool provider listed on the New York Stock Exchange.  All districts in Beijing have been asked to set up a mechanism for kindergartens that will allow parents and communities to communicate in an emergency.  The commission will provide overall checks of the qualifications of people running kindergartens, as well the preschools' health and safety status, level of nursing education and management structures.  Fire-control systems and the preschools' canteens are the key areas for the safety inspectors. Potential or hidden dangers will be corrected immediately, especially those involving a lack of equipment, according to the education commission.  A proposal released by the Beijing Preschool Education Society stressed the importance of protecting toddlers' physical safety, as well as children's legal rights.  The faculty at kindergartens must also be held to strict standards, the commission said, and the professional level of faculty team-building should be improved.  The addition of surveillance cameras was requested for kindergartens - allowing for full visual coverage of a facility, according to a report in Beijing Youth Daily.  The supervision of some kindergartens in Dongcheng district have been connected to the public security bureau's network. Full-coverage digital surveillance has been installed in a number of Beijing kindergartens, as required by the authorities.  \"Cameras have been installed in our kindergarten. A classroom should have 360-degree coverage,\" the newspaper quoted a kindergarten worker in Haidian district as saying.  A kindergarten in Dongcheng district said surveillance cameras have been set up in all areas of the school, including stairways, playgrounds, classrooms and kitchens. The only places not covered are the toilets.  Boarding kindergartens were also asked to install night cameras.  The head of the RYB Xintiandi kindergarten and a teacher allegedly involved in child abuse were detained on Saturday, according to a statement by the police.  Several parents reportedly told police on Wednesday that their children, all about 3 years old, had suspicious needle marks on their bodies and had been given white pills on numerous occasions. ", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "Deputy prime minister of Ireland visits the Beijing University of Technology On Saturday, the hallways of the Beijing Dublin International College at Beijing University of Technology turned green as boards decorated with green ribbons were hung up on the walls. Photos on the boards showed hundreds of happy students clad in green T-shirts or hats, holding up the national flag of China alongside banners wishing people a \"Happy St Patrick's Day\". St Patrick's Day on March 17 is a day of recognition for people in Ireland and also a big day for the teachers and students at the BDIC. Every year, the entire school follows Irish tradition and dresses up in green before hosting a parade and staging performances with international students from the BJUT. This year was no exception. The staff and students enjoyed a series of activities under the theme of \"Light Up the Green in Our Life\". Most impressive of all for this year's Feast of Saint Patrick was a visit to the college by Simon Coveney, the deputy prime minister of Ireland. The vice-premier's visit on Saturday happily coincided with Beijing's long-awaited first snowfall this year. It also marked the first time that an Irish deputy prime minister had visited Beijing Dublin International College, a joint-venture school established in 2012 by Ireland's University College Dublin and the Beijing University of Technology. \"I'm really impressed by the quality of English that so many Chinese students are clearly able to speak,\" Coveney said after visiting the college. At the official meeting between the delegation from Ireland and faculties from Beijing, Coveney expressed his desire to further develop cooperation between institutions and universities of both nations, as well as China and Ireland as a whole, and to cultivate a new generation of experts in the fields of technology and engineering. During the meeting, he received a special gift from Xie Hui, the Party secretary of the Beijing University of Technology. The gift was a hammer, to represent the \"spirit of craftsmanship\" of the BJUT's students. Once enrolled into the university, every freshman is required to take a class of metalworking practice, in which they learn how to forge their own hammers. Within the past week, Hainan Airlines and Cathay Pacific announced plans to open direct flights from Beijing to Dublin and from Hong Kong to Dublin respectively, which Coveney sees as a stimulus for further exchanges between the two countries. He also joked that there was no longer any excuse for Chinese students not to travel and study in Ireland, or vice versa.,Li Xiaolin, a junior student majoring in internet of things engineering at the college, listened to the deputy prime minister's morning lecture on the role Ireland plays on the global stage and the depth of Sino-Irish ties. \"I'm encouraged by his words and eager to explore the beautiful country on my own,\" said Li, who will in her final year study at University College Dublin. She also attended an open day at the embassy of Ireland later that day, and even took a selfie with the Irish deputy prime minister. \"I've benefited a great deal from the opportunity to immerse myself in a foreign culture that the college offers me,\" said Li, adding that her IELTS score had been lifted from 5.5 to 6.5 after two years of study at the college's all-English classes. Li is now preparing to apply to her dream university of Imperial College London for her postgraduate studies. Over 90 percent of the 194 graduates last year from the BDIC went to study in foreign universities for postgraduate programs, says Liu Gonghui, president of the BJUT. Liu says the college aims to offer domestic students a world-class international education by hiring qualified faculty members from both University College Dublin and the Beijing University of Technology, bringing a multicultural perspective to its curriculum and embracing an open-minded atmosphere. \"Our long-term goal is to build BJUT into a first-class international university through the strategy of internationalization, and the BDIC is a pioneer in the cause,\" said Liu. Contact the writer at xingwen@chinadaily.com.cn", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "A well-known school for migrant children in Beijing has been ordered to close down after operating for 20 years. The Education Commission of Shijingshan District posted an open letter on Aug 7 to parents of students at the Huangzhuang School, announcing the school would close down because its license had expired. The commission promised to relocate students to nearby establishments, and provide or recommend new positions to its teachers. Two days later, the property owner of the premises on which the school sits, Beijing Jindu Landscaping and Greening Co Ltd, issued a notice to the school saying it will take back the land rented to it because it violated its contract \u00a1\u00aa by subleasing part of the land to a third party and building illegal constructions on the land. Access to the school has been blocked by security workers from the company, which said the supply of electricity and water to the school will be cut off on Aug 24. The Huangzhuang School, a non-public school founded in 1998, has more than 1,700 students, nearly all children of migrant workers. It was granted a license in 2009 and is thought to be the largest school for migrant children in Beijing, offering education to pre-school, primary school and junior middle school students. Chen Enxian, headmaster of the school, said it signed a lease contract in 2005 on the use of 1 hectare of land with the predecessor of Jindu Landscaping and Greening, an entity affiliated to the Beijing Gardening and Landscaping Bureau. The contract was supposed to expire in 2025. Chen denied the company's claim that the school violated the contract, saying the school has rights to sublease part of the land according to an addendum signed in 2007. Chen admitted some new buildings erected after the contract was signed have not been granted property ownership certificates from authorities.,In response to questions on the expiring license, Chen said he went to the district education commission in March to apply for renewal of the license, which was supposed to expire in March. The district education commission only extended the validity of the license to August. Usually, such a renewal would make the license valid for another three years. In contrast, Meng Yun, an official from the Education Work Committee of Shijingshan district, a Party-run agency, told Caixin.com in a report last week \"Huangzhuang School did not ask for renewal of the license after it expired, and the district education commission extended the contract to August to not disrupt normal teaching activities.\" Chen Enxian said in July he negotiated with the district's education commission and Jindu Landscaping and Greening in the hopes of continuing to run the school at a campus of a nearby vocational high school. However, Chen said they did not reach an agreement, because the 16 classrooms offered were not enough to accommodate all the students, and only students from second to sixth grades in primary school would be allowed to go to the new campus. In an open letter calling for help dated Aug 19, Chen said the Hua'ao School, another migrant school that will accommodate primary school students from Huangzhuang, is not \"comparable with Huangzhuang School both in facilities and management levels\". According to the notice from the Shijingshan district education commission, the students who have signed up at Huangzhuang School for the new semester are allowed to register at designated kindergartens, primary and junior middle schools. The commission said that by Monday, more than 90 percent of the students registered with Huangzhuang School have signed up at new schools. But Chen Enxian said he is afraid that when the existing students graduate, the designated schools would not enroll new migrant students in the future. The mother of a 3-year-old girl, also surnamed Chen, said she had registered her daughter at the pre-school section of the Huangzhuang School in July. However, she did not pay tuition fees, therefore her daughter was not on the student roll recognized by the district education commission. As a result, her daughter was not permitted to attend the public kindergarten designated to accommodate kids from Huangzhuang School. She had to ask Chen Enxian, the headmaster, to provide a document proving her daughter has signed up at the school.,\"The tuition fees of nearby private kindergartens cost more than 3,000 yuan a month, more than double the fees of Huangzhuang School,\" said the mother. \"If my daughter cannot go to the public kindergarten, we have to move to suburbs farther away, where house rents and tuition are cheaper.\" Another parent surnamed He said his home is close to the Huangzhuang School, and he sends his child to school by bicycle every day. The new school is much farther from his home. He said he might have to send his child back to his hometown if the Huangzhuang School is closed. Yang Leiqing is a former student of Huangzhuang School, and came to Beijing from his hometown in Sichuan province to join his parents in the late 1990s. After he moved to Beijing, Yang was first enrolled at a public primary school in the city's suburban district of Tongzhou after his parents paid a hefty fee. Yang said the three years in that school, in which he was the only non-local student, does not carry pleasant memories. Yang recalled the discrimination he felt from his schoolmates. \"Once, we played soccer on a hot day. During the break, one of my classmates bought some bottled water and everyone in the game received one, except for me.\" Yang said he could not fit into the circle of local students, a situation that only changed when he transferred to Huangzhuang School in fourth grade. \"In Huangzhuang School, all the students are non-locals and come from across the country,\" he said. In the four years in the school, he developed a close bond with his classmates and teachers, lasting to today. \"The school has a wonderful atmosphere of learning. Even after class, my math teacher Mr He would stay in the classroom to answer our questions, and sometimes he had a small contest for solving math problems to keep up our interest in the subject,\" Yang said. A teacher who has been working at Huangzhuang School for 20 years told Caijing magazine on condition of anonymity that after receiving notice the school will be closed, he has decided to send his child back to his hometown, where his wife would take care of him. \"No one can take care of the child back in my hometown. If he goes back alone, he would become a left-behind child,\" said him. The teacher said he himself will leave Beijing eventually. By the end of 2017, the city had 7.9 million migrant residents, accounting for more than one-third of the total population.", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "Beijing, Tianjin and surrounding areas dramatically exceeded their air pollution reduction targets through the fall and winter months, while the mayors of three cities were summoned after failing to meet their own targets, according to China's top environmental authority. The Ministry of Ecology and Environment released the performance of 28 major cities in the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region on Thursday, showing PM2.5 levels from October to March. The average concentration of PM2.5 in 28 cities shrank to 78 micrograms per cubic meter, a year-on-year decrease of 25 percent. And the number of days with heavy pollution was reduced by 55.4 percent. The target for both the reduction of PM2.5 and number of days of heavy air pollution was 15 percent. The goals were set by the former ministry of environmental protection in October in 2017. PM2.5 refers to dangerous particulate matter with a diameter of less than 2.5 microns that can enter the bloodstream via the lungs. During the six months, Beijing, Langfang, Hebei province, and Tianjin performed best in cutting the concentration of PM2.5. Hebei's Handan, and Jincheng and Yangquan in Shanxi province, were the worst of the 28 cities and failed to meet their own smog-fighting targets. Their mayors were summoned to a meeting at the Ministry of Ecology and Environment in Beijing on Thursday and ordered to account for their poor results. Jincheng was the only city that failed on both metrics - reducing particulates and fewer days with heavy pollution. During the six-month period, its average concentration of PM2.5 fell by 3.7 percent. Its target was 10 percent. Meanwhile, 1,819 environmental problems of various kinds were found in Jincheng in the period, the most among the 28 cities. In addition, some steel and foundry companies in Jincheng did not halt production as required on heavily polluted days. Handan's average PM2.5 concentration decreased by 12.2 percent. Its goal was 15 percent. According to the ministry, Handan was summoned over its poor rectification effort in August. But during this campaign, 61 obvious environmental problems were noticed in the city, including six cases of excessive emissions, two of falsifying online monitoring data and 11 of missing pollution control equipment. Yangquan was found to be sluggish on cutting air pollution. Its average PM2.5 concentration rose by more than 30 percent in the year's first quarter, compared with 2017's last quarter. It also had serious dust pollution and other random emissions. The ministry ordered the three cities to make remediation plans within 20 work days and to immediately stop approving new projects that would pollute the air. The three mayors all pledged to face up to the problem. On Thursday, the ministry sent a letter to the provincial governments of Shandong, Shanxi and Henan, saying that they should hold officials at city and county level responsible for pollution on their watch, including deputy mayors and deputy county heads. The ministry said a number of companies based in Shanxi, Shandong and Henan provinces failed to halt production on heavily polluted days in March. jiangchenglong@chinadaily.com.cn", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "China and the United States have reached a number of trade agreements and agreed to set up a work mechanism to continue communicating with each other and to sort out unsolved problems and disputes, after high-level trade talks in Beijing this week. Senior commerce officials from both sides fully exchanged views and reached consensus on a number of issues, including the expansion of US exports to China, bilateral trade in services, two-way investment, the protection of intellectual property rights and the resolution of tariff and nontariff measures, Xinhua News Agency reported on Friday. However, officials from both countries recognized that major differences still exist and they must step up efforts and make more progress. They agreed to maintain close contact with each other on relevant issues and set up a corresponding work mechanism, according to Xinhua. Adequately settling trade and economic disputes through negotiations on an equal footing and maintaining the overall stability of trade relations are in line with the common interests of both countries and the world as a whole, said Mei Xinyu, a senior researcher of the Chinese Academy of International Trade and Economic Cooperation of the Ministry of Commerce. Tu Xinquan, director of the China Institute for WTO Studies at the University of International Business and Economics in Beijing, said that as the world's two biggest economies, the US and China are intensely interdependent and intertwined, and it is inevitable that any protective trade measures that are put into place will hurt the global value chain. Taking into account the size of the Chinese and US economies and the complexity of their relationship, it is unrealistic to resolve all of the thorny issues through talks lasting two days, Tu added. The two sides should make full use of work mechanisms and channels for dialogue in the future to resolve remaining disputes, under the principles of being fair, sincere, rational and pragmatic, said Wei Jianguo, former vice-minister of commerce. The sides are expected to reach common ground and seek the maximum common interest, Wei added. Long Guoqiang, vice-president of the Development Research Center of the State Council, said, \"In addition to talks and communications between governments, the role of companies and think tanks in easing trade tensions should be further highlighted.\" According to Long, US companies can do more to serve as stabilizers of the bilateral trade and economic relationship, and Chinese companies in the US should also be encouraged to voice their concerns and legitimate rights. The Ministry of Commerce said on Friday that US officials agreed at the trade talks to raise China's objections to sanctions against Chinese telecom gear maker ZTE with US President Donald Trump. A ministry spokesman said China lodged its complaints during the meetings and the US side took the complaints seriously and agreed to report them to Trump. S&P Global, a rating agency, warned recently that US-listed manufacturing, energy and financial groups have seen a heavier impact from the tariffs than Chinese companies. A US delegation led by Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, Trump's special envoy, exchanged views with their Chinese counterparts in Beijing on Thursday and Friday. After \"efficient, honest and constructive\" talks, both sides believed that a healthy and stable Sino-US economic and trade relationship carries great importance and they are committed to resolving problems and disputes through dialogue and consultation, Xinhua reported.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "BEIJING - The number of Chinese tourists visiting Ireland could reach 175,000 in 2025, more than double that in 2017, according to Tourism Ireland. About 70,000 Chinese visitors went to Ireland last year, up about 15 percent year-on-year, according to Niall Gibbons, chief executive of Tourism Ireland. \"China is one of Ireland's fastest growing tourism source markets, and the growth rate is likely to double in the near future,\" he added. Gibbons made the remarks at the ongoing Tourism Ireland annual travel China Sales Mission event. It will tour Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou and Hong Kong with the aim of sealing more partnerships and deals with local counterparts to bring more Chinese tourists to the island. A total of 20 Irish tourism market players including travel agencies, hotels and popular destinations like Guinness Storehouse, have joined this year's China Sales Mission, the largest ever held by Tourism Ireland. \"That points to increasing importance as well as our confidence of the Chinese outbound travel market,\" Gibbons said. To cater to the growing inflow of Chinese tourists, Tourism Ireland and Irish tourism partners have launched the China Ready training program, which is designed to help Irish tourism firms grab business opportunities in China such as introducing popular mobile payment tools like WeChat. Starting from June, Chinese visitors can take direct flights operated by Hainan Airlines or Cathay Pacific Airways to Dublin, either from Beijing or Hong Kong. Official data showed that China-Ireland trade volume exceeded $10 billion last year, up 36.7 percent year-on-year. \"With the opening of the two direct flights, plus growing bilateral trade, there is every indication of the continuous growth of Chinese visitors into next year and beyond,\" Gibbons said.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Achieving accolades and pioneering new initiatives are nothing new for Sany Heavy Industry Co, one of China's shining successes both at home and abroad. So much so, that four decades after China launched reform and opening up, the machinery equipment maker looks set to add another feather to its cap with record-breaking growth in revenue and net profit for 2018. Indications that the Changsha, Hunan province-based company was on the threshold of a huge success came after it said that its net profit for the first six months of this year was 3.389 billion yuan ($494 million), an increase of 192.09 percent over the same period a year ago. What was even more surprising was that the company had already achieved 161 percent of the total net profit it earned for 2017 during the first six months. \"The country's reform and opening-up strategy has brought vitality to Sany,\" said Xiang Wenbo, president of Sany.\"2018 marks the country's 40th anniversary in initiating reform and opening-up and it has been the best year so far for Sany, as we expected profit, cash flow and revenue to scale new peaks.\" Xiang said Sany's success has largely been due to its ability to convert the opportunities arising from China's reform push into tangible growth over the years. \"The five years after the 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China held in 2012 was a period of rocketing growth for the country's construction and machinery industry. During that period Sany not only upgraded its entire gamut of operations, but also shifted to a new phase of development.\" Explaining further, Xiang said that in 2012, China's machinery industry was facing a winter of sorts as several real estate and infrastructure projects had been called off for economic reasons. \"We decided to change tack and focus on the overseas markets, instead,\" he said. \"That was surprising for many as until then, more than 90 percent of our revenue came from the domestic market. We decided that we had to accelerate our progress in global markets to get out of the rut,\" Xiang said. In 2012, Sany acquired German machinery maker Putzmeister, for 360 million euros ($440 million), the biggest Chinese acquisition at the time. The real impetus for Sany came from the Belt and Road Initiative, as the trade plan was in sync with its growth blueprint. \"About 70 percent of our overseas revenue is generated in economies along the BRI,\" Xiang said. \"The initiative has provided a tremendous opportunity for raising our international production capacity and cooperation,\" he said. Currently the company has three industrial clusters in Changsha, Beijing and the Yangtze River Delta, three industrial parks in Shenyang, the Xinjiang Uygur autonomous region and Zhuhai, and four research, development and production centers in India, the United States, Germany and Brazil. Qi Jun, president of the China Construction Machinery Association, said the overseas efforts of Chinese companies have played a big role in global industrial recovery. Sany was ranked eighth in a recent global ranking of the top 50 construction equipment manufacturers in the world. \"Of the 12 companies that saw a rise in sales of more than 40 percent, nine were Chinese. The combined sales of the 12 Chinese construction machinery manufacturers on the list reached $24.78 billion,\" said Qi. He added that infrastructure projects, aimed at boosting connectivity and unveiled as part of the BRI, have directly stimulated the country's machinery equipment industry. \"There are at least $800 billion worth of infrastructure projects in the next decade in the economies along the Belt and Road Initiative,\" he said, adding that the country's opening up strategy has given Chinese machinery makers the impetus for long-term and sustainable growth.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Younger students experience school bullying more frequently than older ones, and male students are bullied more than their female peers, a survey found.  The 21st Century Education Research Institute, a think tank in Beijing, surveyed 1,003 students from 12 schools in the city - four primary schools, four middle schools and four high schools.  It found that nearly half of students had been intentionally bumped or knocked down by classmates. About 6 percent said they are targeted by bullies on campus every day.  The survey also found that students from ordinary schools experienced more bullying than peers from key institutions, and children from poor families are more likely to be bullied at school.  Being bullied can have an adverse impact on a child's personal development and academic performance, according to Zhou Jinyan, a researcher who led the study at Beijing Normal University's Capital Institute for Economics of Education.  \"Children being bullied will find it hard to trust others,\" Zhou said. \"They may lack self-confidence and often feel anxiety, anger, resentment or depression. These emotions will further undermine their ability to control their own life.\"  In recent years, bullying on Chinese campuses has been frequently reported and has attracted widespread attention and concern.  The most recent incident to trigger heated discussion took place in December at Beijing's prominent Zhongguancun No 2 Primary School. A fourth-grade student had a wastepaper basket from a bathroom thrown at him and was mocked by classmates, causing him acute stress disorder.  The Supreme People's Procuratorate, the top prosecuting authority, said in December that in the first 11 months of 2016 it received about 1,900 cases related to school bullying, leading to 1,100 arrests and 2,300 prosecutions.  Shi Weizhong, deputy director of the authority's Juvenile Procuratorial Affairs Office, said the vast majority of complaints filed with the authority involve male offenders, although the proportion of female offenders is rising.  Meanwhile, there was a notable increase in bullying reports involving middle school students 14 to 18 years old, he said.  Zhou came up with some ways to solve the problem, including boosting communication between teachers, parents and students and trying to establish more harmonious relationships among children.  She said it was \"strongly\" suggested that parents try to be involved in their children's educational experience, as their presence and companionship have proved effective in reducing bullying and its negative effects.   ", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "The consensus that there will be \"no trade war\" \u00a1\u00aa reached during the latest round of trade talks between the world's top two economies \u00a1\u00aa means a lot, not only for the Sino-US economic relationship, but also for the global economy as a whole, according to officials and analysts from both countries. A delegation led by Vice-Premier Liu He, President Xi Jinping's special envoy, had \"positive, pragmatic, constructive and fruitful\" talks on Thursday and Friday with the US team headed by Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, following their first round of talks in Beijing early this month. The biggest achievement coming from the latest trade talks is the consensus that there will be no trade war and both sides will stop placing tariffs on one another, Liu said at a news briefing on Saturday. The achievement comes from the previous consensus reached by top leaders of the two countries and is in the interests of the people from both countries and the world, Liu said. The healthy China-US economic and trade ties are in line with the historical trend, Liu said, adding that the two countries should properly handle their differences through dialogue and treat them calmly in the future. Wei Jianguo, former vice-minister of commerce, said the collaboration between Beijing and Washington will be conducive to consumers and businesses of the two countries and it will help fuel the world economy, as the world's top two economies are closely interdependent and intertwined. Wei added that imports of high-quality goods and services from foreign markets including the US will help meet the growing needs for Chinese consumers, and it will help reduce deficit in bilateral trade. The two countries agreed to take measures to reduce the US trade deficit, with China significantly increasing purchases of US goods and services, which will help support growth and employment in the US, according to a joint statement issued on Saturday. They agreed on \"meaningful increases\" in US exports of agricultural and energy products and greater efforts to increase trade in manufactured goods and services, the statement said. In answering the question about what will be followed in the coming months, Liu said the two sides have already established some working groups, including the agricultural group. \"Maybe some ministers from the US government will lead the groups to Beijing\" to have deeper discussions and try to make concrete deals, Liu said. At the media briefing, Liu said China is ready to buy goods from the United States and the rest of the world, answering Xi's call for further market reform and opening-up. Liu said China, with its huge middle-income population, will become the world's largest consumption market. This market will be highly competitive, so nations eyeing for market share have to improve their products and services so that the Chinese consumers would like to buy them, he said. The consensus released after the talks shows that negotiation and collaboration, rather than unilateral trade action, is the right path forward to address economic and trade disputes, experts said. Chen Jiahe, chief strategist at Cinda Securities, said collaboration and cooperation rather than conflict are the mainstream approaches among major countries around the world. Such cooperation will not only benefit people of the two countries but also those in the Asia-Pacific region and around the world, all of whom are interconnected in a globalized economy. Qu Tianshi, China economist at ANZ Group, said the trade talks helped reverse global pessimism about an escalation of a large-scale trade war and it will reduce external uncertainties and create a stable environment for China to push domestic reforms. Wang Huiyao, founder and president of the Center for China and Globalization, said the resolutions reached during this round of trade talks bode well for further improvement of the relations between the two countries. \"It has laid a solid foundation for the resolution of any problems that may arise in bilateral trade relations in the future,\" Wang said. \"This sounds positive that both China and the United States have come to agreement on key issues. I'm sure there will be further discussions to finalize the details,\" said Rick Kimberley, president of Kimberley Farms Inc in Iowa. Vice-Premier Liu offered on Saturday a note of caution that it will take longer to resolve the structural problems in China-US economic and trade relations. While China's import of US goods, such as agricultural products and energy, will both help meet the needs of the Chinese people and bring down the US trade deficit, the US side could do a lot more if it indeed intends to cut its overall trade deficit. Many economists have said that the US trade deficit is a result of US fiscal policy, the low personal savings rate of Americans and the role of the US dollar as a global reserve currency. China has been making greater efforts to increase its imports to meet the growing needs of the Chinese people and for high-quality economic growth. The inaugural 2018 China International Import Expo to be unveiled in Shanghai in November is a major move in that regard.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "The government will promote more balanced development in the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei cluster, with particular focus on improving transportation, environmental protection and industrial upgrades this year, according to the nation's top economic regulator. The government will also build a project database and help facilitate the deployment of key projects this year in the region, according to an official document. Such efforts come as the central government intends to ease the mega-city syndrome of the capital, ease congestion and integrate regional economies for more balanced development. By the end of 2020, around 1,000 manufacturing industries and 300 logistics centers in Beijing will be either shut down or relocated to nearby places, as part of efforts to relocate Beijing's non-capital functions, according to Liu Bozheng, deputy head of Beijing coordinated development office. A number of wholesale markets and educational and medical organizations will be moved to surrounding regions in an orderly manner, he said during a press conference held in January. Xu Datong, Party chief of Tianjin Economic and Technology Development Area, said a hefty investment of 66.4 billion yuan ($10.53 billion) was injected to a modern service district devoted to industrial convergence among Beijing, Tianjin and Hebei last year, involving 393 projects. The area has launched strategies to lure more headquarters of multinational and research institutes to tackle the challenges. Some efforts to promote more balanced development have started to bear fruit, data showed. In the first three quarters in 2017, the service sector accounted for 82 percent of Beijing's total GDP during the period, during which finance, information and technology industries together accounted for more than 50 percent of the GDP. Hebei province, which used to rely greatly on heavy industries has appeared to gather pace in restructuring, as 58.6 million metric tons of iron and 56.3 million tons of steel production capacity have been reduced since 2014. Amid the rebalancing process, some valuable non-capital functions are expected to move to Xiongan New Area, which is expected to promote regional development together with Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei cluster, according to the National Development and Reform Commission. Located some 100 kilometers from Beijing, the new area is designed to become part of key urban development plans integrating the capital with surrounding areas. The government is expected to introduce a slew of supportive measures in finance, tax, technology and opening-up policies \"as required\", according to an official with the NDRC. During the early stage of development, the government will put particular focus on infrastructural construction and improve transportation connecting the region, say, the high speed railway network, the official said. While the overall construction plan has yet to be released to the public, some efforts in improving transportation have been already in place. The intercity railway connecting Beijing and Xiongan area is expected to start construction in March, according to a report by China Railway Design Corp. Upon completion of the railways, travel time from Xiongan to Beijing will be reduced to 30 minutes, down by 60 percent compared to the current time. Looking ahead, top authorities might need to balance well the different roles of Xiongan and surrounding regions, and the value chains and ecosystems need to be studied before making policies, according to Zhou Muzhi, an economics professor at Tokyo Keizai University. He said research institutions that rely heavily on government financial support and yet with no strict geographical limitations, for instance, might be appropriate to move to Xiongan.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "China launched its largest operation to control air pollution in northern regions on Wednesday, using more than 5,600 inspectors to push the areas to meet ambitious pollution reduction targets this year. Unlike the nationwide inspections conducted last year, headed by the State Council, the yearlong, intensified inspection is being led by the Ministry of Environmental Protection. The 5,600-plus inspectors will keep a spotlight on governments and companies in 28 major cities in the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region and the neighboring provinces of Henan, Shanxi and Shandong, which are susceptible to heavy smog, the ministry said. Inspectors will check important areas like governments' implementation of air pollution control efforts, companies' emissions monitoring equipment and monitoring networks. They will also shut down small plants with high emissions, it added. \"Through the inspection, the ministry will push these governments and involved companies to fully implement measures to tackle the air pollution,\" Zhai Qing, vice-minister of environmental protection, said on Wednesday. \"We will keep eyes on the regions with pollution problems and stick with them until all the pollution issues that are exposed are solved,\" he said, adding the results should be released to the public. During a separate, weeklong inspection that the ministry started on April 1 in the same northern regions, seven inspection teams have checked over 450 companies and government departments, finding at least 281 violations, including companies that falsified monitoring data or discharged excessive pollutants, ministry officials said. Zhai said the inspection has worked to lower pollution. \"The minister and vice-ministers frequently have been seen leading inspections in northern regions, showing their focus on the issue,\" said Chang Jiwen, an expert in environmental policies with the State Council Development Research Center. Though the inspection worked, he suggested it's more efficient and effective to motivate the cities and counties to better control pollution than high-level but short-lived inspections. For the northern regions, where similar pollution problems were frequently found, the ministry should suspend approvals of environmental impact assessments for new projects\u00a3\u00adnecessary before construction can begin\u00a3\u00adforcing corrective action by cities and counties before assessments in their jurisdiction can go forward, Chang said. By the end of 2017, the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region should lower the concentration of PM2.5\u00a3\u00adfine particulate matter that is harmful to health\u00a3\u00adby 25 percent from the 2012 level, according to the Action Plan on Air Pollution Prevention and Control, released by the central government in 2013. The PM2.5 concentration in Beijing should be cut to 60 micrograms per cubic meter this year, down from 73 last year, which officials and experts agree is a major challenge. To meet the goals, the governments both in Beijing municipality and at the central government level have taken what experts call extra tough restrictions on pollutant emissions in the northern region, such as the annual regional pollution control plan released two weeks ago. It requires cement and casting plants in the 28 cities to suspend production during the heating season from Nov 15 to March 15, though those providing heating services and processing dangerous waste are not included.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "ATLANTIC, the United States - A trip to China in February has boosted the confidence of Bill Pellett, a farmer in the US state of Iowa, in selling more of his farm's prime beef to Chinese customers. During his one-week stay in China, Pellett met with representatives from seven to 10 different companies that have plans for importing American beef, including a hotel chain and JD.com, a major online retailer in China. \"We talked a lot about the quality and the safety of the product and tried to give as many insurances that this was the safest product from anywhere in the world. I think that's important to the Chinese people,\" Pellett said. Last June, Pellett's beef was in the first boxes of US beef shipped to China shortly after the United States and China reached a deal to re-open the Chinese market to US beef. The beef was shipped by Pellett's exporter Greater Omaha Packing Co. China banned U.S. beef in December 2003 after the mad cow disease struck US cattle. Before the ban, the United States used to be China's top foreign supplier of beef. Although Pellett's foreign clients are primarily European nations, including Germany, Italy and Switzerland, he sees good potential of expanding business with China. \"There will be a slow building of the demand for our product because of the quality and the health insurances,\" he said, highlighting the need to change the way their beef is presented and make it better fit the Chinese lifestyle and customs. Though only a small quantity is being exported to China, the American beef is \"something that will gain popularity as time goes on,\" Pellett said. He is now feeding around 900 head of cattle on his farm while growing hundreds of acres of corn and soybeans in the Midwestern state. A portion of the grain will hopefully make its way into the Chinese market someday, he said. During his first and only trip to China, Pellett visited Beijing and Shanghai, and had a chance to travel on a high-speed train. He was amazed by what he saw. \"I was very impressed by the infrastructure because I did not expect it to be as good as it was. Just the ability and the potential of the country was very, very surprising to me,\" he said. The trip, he said, was \"very fruitful\" in that it helped him learn more about the Chinese people, business dealings in China and how to effectively present U.S. beef. Citing other farmers from his community, Pellett said they are highly interested in the huge opportunities that such a large and growing market as China could bring. \"They want the (Chinese) market to happen...We don't know a lot about China, but we want to know more. We don't want politicians to get in the way of what's best for both countries,\" he said. Aware of fellow farmers' concerns over the current US-China trade tension, Pellett said he is optimistic about the prospect. In the end, he said, \"The needs of the people will come to the surface\" and arrangements will be made accordingly to ensure that people get what they want.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Discover the best things to do in Beijing with our weekly roundup of art and exhibitions, music and performances, and trending activities to do around town. To recommend an upcoming event or activity, please contact    Beijing Concert Hall has launched its classical music season of the year that will run through December. French pianist Thomas Enhco's Jazz show this weekend is one episode in it. Born in Paris, Enhco started playing the violin and piano at an early age, and studied classical music and jazz in both instruments. At 12, he entered the Centre des Musiques Didier Lockwood, where he was spotted by the drummer Peter Erskine who offered to collaborate in Enhco's first CD. In 2006, Enhco released his first album,  .,  More than a decade ago, soprano Zhang Liping became the first Chinese-born singer to play a lead role in Giacomo Puccini's Madame Butterfly at the New York Metropolitan Opera. During her stay abroad, she also performed in operatic productions, such as   in Europe and the United States. She returned to China in 2006 and has since worked as the director of the department of vocal music and opera at the Central Conservatory of Music in Beijing. On May 12, Zhang will hold a concert in the capital when she will highlight French composers Gabriel Faure, Henri Duparc and others from French operas. Learn more  is a multimedia musical play imbued with Chinese avant-garde director Meng Jinghui's black humor and \"post-modernist\" sarcasm. True love is like ageless amber formed eons ago. In a modern metropolis teeming with sheer haste and insolent hypocrisy, could love be clear and crystal?,  For the last 20 Years, French writer Yasmina Reza's Tony award-winning comedy  has been a worldwide hit. As one of the most successful theatrical productions of the 21st century, it has taken over $250 million at the global box office. Next week, Beijing stage lovers will have the chance to see the classic show (played in English) in all its pared-down glory in Gulou's Penghao Theater. The play follows the friendship of three middle-aged, middle class men, Serge, Marc, and Yvan, as their friendship deteriorates because Serge spends 100,000 euros ($760,000) on a painting. The problem: the painting is nothing more than a blank white canvas. The painting prompts quarrels among them and challenges their friendship which turns out to be more fragile than they thought. The play's examination of the true meaning of art may resonate with people but it's also a look into the complicated and ever-changing nature of long lasting friendships.,  Chinese photographer Xiao Quan, 58, is known for his portrait series,  a decade-long project completed in 1996. It comprises portraits of leading figures from Chinese art and literary circles in the 1980s and 1990s, including Zhang Yimou, Chen Kaige, Tan Dun and Cui Jian. Xiao's ongoing solo show,  showcases 96 works from a career that has spanned more than three decades. Learn more  ., Israeli artist David Gerstein, 73, loves observing small animals, especially butterflies whose beautiful colors and dancing amaze him. He also likes watching crowds of people that make him feel the energies of city life. Although he is not good at sports, he is fascinated with the grace which athletes demonstrate. He transforms his affection for these things into cut-out sculptures, with a series called  . The series is now on show in Beijing, as part of his China debut exhibition titled Layers, through May 16. Learn more  .  Design is one of the most important ways to understand Italy - its history, culture and industry. Some 50 Italian institutions and collectors are showing a wide spectrum of products, from mass-produced items to haute couture and limited-edition art pieces in Beijing in the ongoing exhibition  On show are chairs, lamps, motorcycle and drones that aim to reflect their designers' attention to saving energy through technology and the preservation of handmade traditions. Learn more  .   ", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Company alleges misconduct over copyright dispute with screenwriter Beijing courts have denied claims of misconduct and bias after China's leading ballet company was forced to pay damages over a copyright dispute involving one of its best-known shows. The National Ballet of China was ordered to pay 120,000 yuan ($17,600) to writer Liang Xin in 2015 after losing a lawsuit over the rights to The Red Detachment of Women. After two failed appeals, the ballet troupe was forced to pay up by Xicheng District People's Court on Dec 28, prompting the company to issue a strong statement on Tuesday that accused the judge in the original hearing of \"perverting the course of justice\" and questioned the fairness of the rulings. The statement caused a stir among Beijing court officials and legal experts. In response, the Xicheng court released a detailed explanation for the 2015 verdict and said it will continue to push the company to apologize to Liang's family. The screenwriter died in January 2017. \"We had twice urged the company to follow the ruling (to pay compensation), but it ignored, so we used enforcement measures to take the money,\" the court said on Tuesday without elaborating on the measures. At the original hearing in 2012, Liang said he had signed a deal in 1993 to allow the company to perform the show in exchange for 5,000 yuan, but that deal expired after a decade. He said he had received neither payment nor credit for performances staged between 2003 and 2012. After three years of deliberation, the National Ballet was ordered to pay damages and make a written apology, as it had failed to acknowledge the copyright holder when introducing the production on its website. Both the capital's intellectual property court and high court upheld the verdict on appeal. On Tuesday night, the high court shared the district court's statement about the case via social media, while the Supreme People's Court posted a commentary online defending the ruling. However, the company's statement and those by the three courts were all deleted from the web on Wednesday. Yu Guofu, a lawyer specializing in intellectual property disputes, said the verdict appeared win-win, as it protects the copyright holder and means the works can still be watched by more people. \"All legal avenues have been exhausted in this case,\" he said. \"The company should respect and abide by the ruling, and it must provide evidence if it accuses someone.\" In Yu's view, the dispute between the courts and the company is not a bad thing. \"Instead, it's a lesson on the law,\" he added. \"It helps people understand more about court rulings, and teaches us how to protect copyright.\" The National Ballet has said the copyright issue means future performances of the show could be canceled. The Red Detachment of Women, which Liang wrote in the 1950s, tells the story of a downtrodden housemaid in Hainan province who joins a troop of female soldiers to defeat a cruel warlord. It was adapted for the big screen in 1961. caoyin@chinadaily.com.cn ", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "China expects no further reversals in its trade and economic ties with the United States, and hopes the two nations can benefit one another, Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang said on Monday. Lu made the remarks when asked at a regular press conference whether a recent agreement reached between the nations on the subject of trade will be a temporary one. Beijing and Washington issued a joint statement on Saturday about economic and trade consultations, with both vowing not to launch a trade war. \"If the governments of the two countries could reach a good agreement and results that are acceptable to both, they should adhere to the agreement. Of course, we do not want to see any reversal,\" he said. He also said that, based on experience from the past four decades, the fundamental reason why both nations have been able to manage disputes and push forward with the development of bilateral trade has been because such a relationship is in the best interest of both countries and their people. \"We hope that the China-US trade and economic relations, which is mutually beneficial and win-win in nature, could play a more effective role,\" Lu added.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Problems that arose in the past related to administrative disputes have been alleviated, according to a report released on Thursday by a Beijing court. The Beijing No 4 Intermediate People's Court, selected as part of a pilot program to improve hearings of administrative cases, said in its report that it accepted 2,893 administrative disputes last year, twice the amount it accepted in 2015. The increase can be attributed to the court's strict and effective measures for filing cases, which means all appeals in line with laws were accepted immediately after registration, instead of being subject to a court review, as was the case previously, it said. To reduce interference from governments when courts hear administrative disputes, judicial reform implemented by the central leadership in 2013 required the intermediate people's court to handle administrative cases involving the suing of governments of the city's 16 districts. Under the requirement, the intermediate people's court was established in December 2014. Last year, all 16 district governments in the capital were sued, with the biggest number of cases involving the Haidian, Dongcheng, Xicheng and Chaoyang governments, it said. \"Almost 70 percent of the cases were related to people's livelihood,\" said Cheng Hu, vice-president of the court. \"Many conflicts between residents and governmental departments involved the renovation of old buildings, demolitions and environmental improvements.\" Cheng complimented the attitude of administrations, saying that every governmental department involved in cases had taken the initiative to attend the court, respond to litigants' questions and solve disputes. \"The previous problem that many citizens complained of \u00a1\u00aa about it being too hard to confront officials in courtrooms \u00a1\u00aa has been alleviated,\" he said. In addition, governmental departments as defendants lost 79 lawsuits, of which about 20 percent were related to the disclosure of official information, the report said. \"Some governmental departments were sued because they didn't handle or delayed administrative affairs, while others failed to follow administrative procedures while handling the affairs,\" Cheng said.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Beijing has named 52 primary and secondary schools as the first batch targeted to bring winter sports onto campuses ahead of the 2022 Winter Olympic Games in China. According to the Beijing Municipal Commission of Education, nearly 140,000 students have taken skating and skiing lessons in the past two years. The authority will cooperate with the capital's Sports Bureau to design winter sports syllabuses and in giving professional instruction to students. In Chaoyang district, related curricula have been set up in six primary and secondary schools, according to the commission. The city government will give further support to winter sports by providing financial backing this year. Thirty-one pilot schools in Haidian district opened up winter sports curricula. A school in northwestern Beijing, Dongbeiwang Central Primary School, has included floor hockey\u00a3\u00adan ice-free version of ice hockey\u00a3\u00adinto their school sports curriculum. The city will also establish high-level school clubs to promote the popularity of winter sports. The authority also advised building more ski runs based on seasonal features and site conditions. In Haidian and Yanqing districts, schools are being encouraged to create outdoor ice rinks when winter weather conditions allow, while in summer, synthetic ice was a good choice for campuses to open up skating practice curricula. The advanced winter sport teaching facilities were also discussed as school options to address the difficulty of promoting winter sports on campus, according to the commission. Beijing will put more effort into raising the number of qualified winter sports instructors, improve school curriculum designs and hasten construction of winter sports venues to add more flavor to the upcoming Winter Olympics in China, the commission added.", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "China has terminated anti-dumping and countervailing duty investigations into imported sorghum from the United States, as domestic farmers have had difficulties selling pork products due to lower prices, the Ministry of Commerce announced on Friday. The ministry said it found prices of domestic pork products had declined, affecting the livelihoods of many farmers. Under such circumstances, it is not in the public interest to level a trade investigation on sorghum imports from the US, which can be used to formulate animal feed. The government will also return temporary antidumping deposits collected at Chinese customs, the ministry said in a statement. To protect domestic industry from dumping activities, China began to impose provisional anti-dumping measures on sorghum imported from the US from April 18. Importers of the product were required to pay deposits on the value of the shipments upon arrival, at a rate of 178.6 percent. \"China's decision is based on domestic pig farmers' interests,\" said Ding Lixin, a researcher at the Chinese Academy of Agricultural Sciences in Beijing. He said sorghum became a hot crop in China after the country banned corn imports from the US in 2013; corn imports resumed in 2014. Because of price differences between domestic and overseas markets, Ding said many animal feed companies began to use cheaper imported corn, sorghum, barley and distiller's dried grains in 2012 and many of them now rely heavily on foreign shipments to control operating costs, especially in the Guangxi Zhuang autonomous region, and Guangdong and Fujian provinces. Sorghum produced in the Inner Mongolia autonomous region can be sold for about 3,000 yuan ($471) per metric ton, while the price of US sorghum was between 1,700 yuan and 1,800 yuan per ton in April, data from National Grain and Oils Information Center show. The US surpassed Australia to become China's biggest sorghum supplier in 2014, and its sorghum exports to China surged from 317,000 tons in 2013 to 4.76 million tons in 2017, data from the Ministry of Commerce show. China must accelerate the pace of supply-side structural reform in the agricultural sector, as it can effectively guarantee supply and increase farmers' incomes, with a focus on improving the quality of agricultural supplies, said Chen Jie, a researcher at the research center for the rural economy of the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs. More than 80 percent of all US sorghum exports go to China, according to the US Grains Council. In addition to feeding cattle, sorghum is also used as an ingredient in the strong Chinese liquor, baijiu - bringing US farmers about $1 billion each year from China. Kansas, Texas, Colorado, Oklahoma and Nebraska were the top five states for sorghum production in the US last year.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "  HANGZHOU - A new regulation has been rolled out in Hangzhou, Zhejiang province, to protect the city's section of the Beijing-Hangzhou Grand Canal, the world's longest man-made canal. The regulation was approved by the Standing Committee of the provincial People's Congress and took effect on Monday.  In June 2014, UNESCO listed the Grand Canal - whose history spans more than 2,400 years - as a World Heritage.  The 1,011-kilometer waterway from Beijing to Hangzhou, is the world's largest civil engineering project predating the Industrial Revolution.  At the south end of the canal, Hangzhou is home to five river channels and six key historical sites along the world heritage waterway.  \"The current canal faces threats from both natural erosion and human overuse and development,\" according to sources in the committee charged with protecting the Hangzhou section of the Grand Canal.  The regulation bans construction that may threaten the environment or safety of historical sites along the canal.        (China Daily 05/04/2017 page4)", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "The Czech Philharmonic Orchestra will start its China tour from mid-May, bringing a classical music feast to seven major Chinese cities, including Beijing, Nanjing, Wuhan, Hangzhou and Fuzhou. Three years after its 2016 tour in China, the 120-year-old orchestra is expected to interpret classic works by six renowned Czech composers, such as Antonin Dvorak's  ; Bedrich Smetana's ; Josef Suk's  ; and Oskar Nedbal's   (Sad Waltz). The performances are part of a memorandum of understanding inked by China Poly Group Corp Ltd, Czech Philharmonic and Jiangsu Cultural Investment. According to the agreement, the three parties are also expected to enhance cooperation in the future in areas including music festivals, artist exchanges and art education.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Since 2015, oil painter Wang Lei has traveled along the Silk Road - an ancient network of trade routes that extended across Europe and Asia - to paint portraits of people from various cultures, a journey that the artist sees as a search for his own identity. Over the past three years, monks, women in hijab, young men of Persepolis, the descendants of soldiers of the Roman legion, craftsmen, vendors and tourists have all been depicted by Wang during his trips to cities in China, Iran, Uzbekistan and Turkey. The artist, who has just returned home to Beijing from his latest trip to Turkey, held a solo exhibition on Saturday at Beijing's Yishu 8, featuring faces painted along the Silk Road. \"My model can be anyone I encounter,\" explains the 41-year-old. \"It's more than a portrait. It's a record of a person in the context of a certain culture.\" It's the enrichment of culture, religion and art of the many cities in different nations along the Silk Road - and the frequent cultural exchanges - that inspired Wang's plan to travel and paint. He started in Datong in Shanxi province, a cradle of Buddhist art where more than 5,000 sculptures of the sage reside in the Yungang Grottoes and the memory of these Buddha statues has influenced Wang's portraits. No matter whether he depicts men or women, each subject is given prominent ears, painted on purpose by the artist, to resemble those of the Buddha sculptures. In the village of Liqian in Gansu province, Wang met a man whose appearance was identical to almost every other Chinese person with the exception of his striking green eyes. They reveal his identity to be that of a descendant of the Roman legionnaires that came to the region more than 2,000 years ago. \"We learn about the world, its history and its cultures mainly from books,\" Wang observes, \"but there is a lot that books don't tell us, and we must find that out in person.\" This is why he is impelled forward on his journey of discovery and believes that traveling is an important way to learn more about the world.,Christine Cayol, founder of Yishu 8, describes Wang as a \"nomadic painter searching for his own culture,\" who uses travel as a way to rediscover his own roots. \"To paint the faces, and capture the atmosphere and an impression of certain moments along the Silk Road, as opposed to the Silk Road itself, are true realities,\" she explains. \"It's a kind of going back to the geographic, climatic and human origins of Chinese culture.\" It is not a new, nor a Chinese, tradition. Western painters have a long tradition of traveling to experience the world in order to broaden their horizons and improve their perceptions of the world. Artists in the 19th century went to Africa and the Middle East to find fresh subjects for their work. In the 1970s, Italian artists such as Francesco Clemente also embarked on journeys of discovery to countries like Afghanistan and Pakistan in search of the exotic, and inspiration from elements different to their own culture, explains Huang Du, an art critic. Wang is one of the few Chinese artists to go and find inspiration from other Asian countries, \"like a kind of visual archaeology,\" he adds. \"For a long time, Chinese artists have focused on Western culture,\" Huang elaborates. \"However, Asian culture's enrichment, and its geographical proximity, means that they deserve more attention now, because of the Silk Road strategy.\" Wang, the Beijing-based artist, says he became obsessed with his trips to Asian countries. He often stayed for months in one country and talked as much as he could to locals and almost everyone he encountered on his trips. What Wang seeks, it seems, is to live like a local. \"The more I travel, the more questions I have about my own origin,\" he says.,Wang was born in northern China's Heilongjiang province, but his father was from eastern China's Shandong province. He lives and works in Beijing. \"The frequent movements of humans make the pursuit of our origin and identity a common desire the whole world over.\" Wang's passion for traveling while painting comes from his years at the Central Academy of Fine Arts, where students were required to travel to rural places to produce artworks. After graduation, Wang spent three months living with a local family in Tashi Kuergan Tajik autonomous region in Xinjiang Uyghur autonomous region, a place near the border with Pakistan and Afghanistan, and it was there that he developed a love for painting portraits. Wang also has two other series of works - the myth series and relics series - based on the subject of the Silk Road. He has painted around 100 pieces for his portrait and relics series in the last four years. He's not finished either. While he's completed the Asian part of his Silk Road project, he plans to set off again later this year, this time to Europe. He will travel to countries like Italy, Germany and Romania, all of which hosted trading posts to transport goods along the Silk Road in ancient times.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "BEIJING -- Average density of PM2.5 in Beijing was 58 micrograms per cubic meter of air in 2017, meeting the goal set by the State Council, an official said Wednesday. The density dropped by 20.5 percent compared with the average level in 2016, Liu Baoxian, deputy director of Beijing environmental protection monitoring center, told a press conference. The PM2.5 data is a gauge monitoring airborne particles of 2.5 microns or less in diameter, which can embed deep in people's lungs. Density of major pollutants sulfur dioxide, nitrogen dioxide and PM10 also dropped drastically to 8, 46 and 84 micrograms per cubic meter of air, down 20 percent, 4.2 percent and 8.7 percent, respectively, compared with 2016. The capital saw 226 good air days in 2017, 28 days more than in 2016. The number of heavy pollution days decreased by 16 to 23, he said. An air pollution prevention and control action plan issued by the State Council in September 2013 ordered Beijing to reduce its PM 2.5 density to around 60 micrograms per cubic meter of air by 2017, from the average level of 90 micrograms per cubic meter of air in 2013. \"Among air pollution control efforts are demolition of coal-fired boilers, phasing out vehicles with high emission and upgrading of industrial structure,\" said Li Xiang, with the Beijing municipal bureau of environmental protection. Li said small coal-fired boilers had almost been eradicated with heaters switching to gas or electricity, and most districts, including those in the city proper, had stopped coal use. Since 2013, Beijing has shut down six cement plants and closed or upgraded nearly 2,000 companies in printing, casting, furniture manufacturing and other sectors, she said.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "      Beijing has issued a blue alert for severe air pollution, which is forecast to peak on Tuesday and ease that night, the city's environmental authority said on Monday.  Air quality is expected to worsen to its second-worst level in Beijing.  Air will be bad all over North China, but pollution will be especially heavy in the city's southern districts because of geography and proximity to polluting industries, the municipal environmental monitoring center said on Monday.  Beijing issued its blue alert, the lowest level in the emergency response system, on Monday afternoon, suspending outdoor demolition activities at construction sites.  The disadvantageous weather, which makes it hard to disperse the airborne pollutants in Beijing and neighboring regions, is the major reason for the back-to-back days of heavy smog.  Since coal-burning heating services began on Nov 15 in China's northern region, Beijing, Tianjin, Hebei province and neighboring areas are required to step up restrictions to cut emissions, the Ministry of Environmental Protection said.  But in the northeast, other sources contribute, the ministry found - especially the burning of corn stalks.  From Sept 20 to Nov 15, satellites found 3,638 burning sites nationwide, an increase of 73 percent over the same period last year, data from the ministry's Satellite Environment Center showed.  Under high pressure from environmental inspections, the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region and neighboring provinces saw a sharp decrease. No burning sites were found in Henan province, the center said.  By contrast, the northeastern region worsened. In Heilongjiang province, the number of sites burning corn stalks increased by 41 percent during the period and was found to have increased nearly eightfold - although with only a handful of burn sites - in Jilin.  \"For example, the satellites found 164 burn sites in Heilongjiang and 17 in Jilin on Nov 2,\" said Zhang Lijuan, a senior engineer working at the center, on China National Radio on Monday.  The latest data from the ministry showed that of the top 10 cities with the worst air pollution in October, Harbin, Heilongjiang province, ranked second in air pollution; Changchun, Jilin province, was eighth.  The soaring increase in the burning of corn stalks has become a major factor in air pollution, said Liu Youbin, a senior official in the ministry's publicity department after a news briefing on controlling air pollution in winter. The ministry sent inspection teams to monitor the situation and urge the governments to do more for cleaner air.  zhengjinran@chinadaily.com.cn   ", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": " Leaders in business, media, finance and education shared their views on China-US trade tensions at the China Development Forum in Beijing. Tariffs need to come down, and every effort of protectionism will ultimately be damaging to the world economy but also to the local economy. That's why I think it's a big challenge and I very much hope that over the coming weeks and months China and the US will find a solution to the dispute and ultimately we will see all tariffs coming down and the further opening up of the market in China, US, Europe and the rest of the world.,I hope China-US tariff tensions will not last longer, and maybe we can get an agreement to avoid an escalation as it is not good for the world economy. My wish is for people to sit at the table to discuss more, because nobody will gain from trade disputes.,It was unwise for President Trump to start trade tensions, because China-US trade is particularly in favor of US consumers. The bilateral trade for the two countries has helped US reduce prices for goods and increase disposable income substantially. Trump did this partly for show, to win more support for the midterm elections. This won't have major impact on the real economy, though it has impacted the financial market at the moment. Trump may make a fuss to impress his voters in particular areas and regions in the United States in the run-up for the midterm election. My suggestion to Trump is to sit down and start negotiation early, as this is much better for the United States.,China-US trade tension is a zero-sum game and no country has ever succeeded in this environment if there is a trade war.,I don't think the tensions will go away. I think they are going to persist. I expect them to go up and down. I think they will probably be managed, contained and not lead to an explosive outcome.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "The size of transregional chain organizations specializing in early childhood education and care should be limited for better management and regulation, according to members of China's top political advisory body. \"Unlike running a chain of McDonald's restaurants, the risks of running a chain of kindergartens are way too high,\" said Ni Minjing, deputy director of the Shanghai Municipal Education Commission and a member of the 13th National Committee of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference. \"I don't suggest using a commercial model to provide preschool education through a chain of kindergartens because it's unavoidable for administration problems to occur at some kindergartens owned by an education group that has hundreds of kindergartens nationwide, and the problems often cause a ripple effect,\" Ni said on the sidelines of this year's session of the CPPCC National Committee. His views were shared by Liu Ru, head of the Beijing Beihai Kindergarten and a member of the CPPCC National Committee, who said education groups operating a chain of kindergartens are \"too big to manage\" and their size should be limited. \"Even if the founders of an education group have great ideas on what kind of kindergartens they want to run, it's still hard for the management team of each kindergarten to carry out the ideas,\" Liu said. \"The devil is in the details. The founders cannot detect certain problems if they do not visit classes to observe children's activities and talk to the children, as well as the teachers and managers,\" she said. In addition, the huge size of transregional education groups also increases the difficulty for government regulation, Ni said. \"The operation of kindergartens is closely related to the culture and resources in a particular city, county or town. Therefore, if the investors controlling an education group that has gotten the regulatory nod for the opening of a kindergarten in Beijing want to open another in Shanghai, they should go through the same procedures of application for regulatory approval once again, rather than simplified procedures with lower requirements,\" he said. During the last 10 years, the number of kindergartens has more than doubled in China, and the kindergarten enrollment rate increased from around 30 percent to nearly 80 percent. Private kindergartens played an important part of the growth process. Without them, it would have been impossible for China to achieve such a high preschool enrollment rate within such a short time, he said. \"Industrialization of preschool education helped us find a solution for inadequate supply of public kindergartens. However, now we're seeing signs of overindustrialization,\" he said. \"A growing number of parents become increasingly aware of the importance of preschool education, whereas government resources cannot meet the rising demand. Private capital has taken the opportunity, with an excessive amount of money invested in this market segment.\" He said those who want to make a huge profit should not invest in preschool education because the majority of kindergartens should be nonprofit. \"If a private kindergarten has a strong profit target, it will cut teachers' salaries and benefits as much as possible to reduce costs. This will cause many education problems,\" he said. In spite of the professional training they received, the majority of kindergarten teachers are paid much less than nannies. The average salary of teachers at private kindergartens range from 1,500 to 3,000 yuan ($237 to $474) per month nationwide, while the typical monthly salary for a nanny who lives with the employer is about 6,000 yuan in first-tier cities such as Beijing. Liu of the Beijing Beihai Kindergarten said the government \"should increase investment in preschool education, especially the investment in selection of better teaching staff, to make kindergarten teachers feel proud of their job and motivate them with great compensation packages\".", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "Guangdong, Hong Kong and Macao heads talked about their expectations for development of the area at the China Development Forum 2019 in Beijing on Monday. The forum marked their first joint appearance after the release of the outline development plan for Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area in February, \"The global economy is currently full of uncertainties and instability. The opening and interconnection of nine inland cities and Hong Kong and Macao Special Administrative Regions under the background of \"one country, two systems\", three tariff zones and three sets of legal systems fully demonstrate that economies with different characteristics can cooperate together to achieve win-win situations,\" said Hong Kong Chief Executive Carrie Lam Cheng Yuet-ngor, according to a Shanghai Securities News report. \"I think the Greater Bay Area not only has the potential to become the oriental Silicon Valley, but also has the ability to become a distinctive urban agglomeration like Silicon Valley and Wall Street,\" she said. At the frontier of reform and opening-up, the cities of Guangzhou, Shenzhen and Zhuhai will embark on a broader international stage through the Greater Bay Area, said Ma Xingrui, Guangdong province governor. He said that promoting the construction of the Greater Bay Area can highlight Guangdong's geographic advantage, adjacent to Hong Kong and Macao, and will help the city accelerate high-quality development, fully dock the international high-standard market rules system, and speed up the construction of a new open economic system. Speaking about Hong Kong's position in the Greater Bay Area, Lam said although technological innovation and research and development accounted for only 0.7 percent and 0.8 percent of Hong Kong's GDP in 2017, Hong Kong has the potential to contribute to and benefit from developing the Greater Bay Area into an international science and technology innovation center. As the outline development plan for the Greater Bay Area has set goals for developing distinctive financial industries and promoting the interconnection of financial markets, Lam said Hong Kong will play a leading role in these fields. Macao Chief Executive Fernando Chui Sai-on said the Greater Bay Area has given Macao a new mission, prompting it to play an active role as an engine and become a supporter of the construction of the Guangzhou-Shenzhen-Hong Kong-Macao science and technology innovation corridor. Ma said Guangdong will continue to promote the a legal, international and convenient business environment, and accelerate the improvement of the internal transport network in Guangzhou, Shenzhen, Hong Kong and Guangzhou, Zhuhai and Macao, and strive to promote one-hour access between major cities. Government will implement the Foreign Investment Law, and strengthen the rules of Hong Kong and Macao in the fields of legal services, finance, medical treatment and construction, said Ma. It will further improve institutional arrangements of property rights protection, government services and legal protection, and accelerate the creation of a stable, fair, transparent and predictable first-class business environment, said Ma. To seize new opportunities brought about by the Greater Bay Area, Hong Kong has been making efforts to attract both talent and innovative science and technology companies, said Lam. \"We have introduced tax subsidies to ensure that talent from Hong Kong and Macao, especially technicians, joins the construction of the Greater Bay Area. \" \"At the same time, we have launched a series of policies to attract mainland and overseas returnees to work in Hong Kong,\" she said. Although limited space and human resources have restricted Macao's development, Chui said with central government support the region has gained development space through urban renewal, land reclamation and marine resources. \"With the opportunity of the Greater Bay Area, Macao will actively go out and deepen regional cooperation,\" Chui said. Ma said that Guangdong, Hong Kong and Macao will hold a promotional event in Tokyo on April 9.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "BEIJING - The first-ever China International Import Expo (CIIE), scheduled for Nov 5-10 in Shanghai, will see the participation of over 130 countries and regions, and more than 2,800 companies. Here are some facts and figures about the event. China has been the world's second largest importer of goods for nine consecutive years, and made up 10.2 percent of global imports in 2017. It is one of the world's largest markets of high-end products such as industrial robots, chips and machine tools. The country announced import tariff cuts on 1,585 industrial products including machinery, spare parts and raw materials from Nov 1, after removing tariffs from most imported medicine in May and reducing tariffs on autos and consumer products in July. The CIIE will see 160,000 buyers from over 80,000 domestic and foreign companies, exceeding the organizer's expectation of 15,000 companies. China has granted the status of \"Guest of Honor\" to 12 countries, namely, Brazil, Canada, Egypt, Germany, Hungary, Indonesia, Mexico, Pakistan, Russia, South Africa, Vietnam and the United Kingdom. More than 30 of the world's 44 least developed countries will participate in the event. The expo provides two standard booths free of charge for less developed countries. The CIIE will receive companies from all the G20 member states, as well as 50 countries and regions along the Belt and Road. Attending companies include more than 200 businesses on the Fortune Global 500 list, as well as a wide range of small and medium-sized companies such as fruit exporters in Southeast Asia and coffee makers in South America. The CIIE will receive US chip giants Qualcomm and Intel, Japanese electronics heavyweight Sony and Panasonic, as well as consumer goods leaders Unilever and Lego. German manufacturer Waldrich Coburg will exhibit a 200-ton milling machine, the largest item on display at the expo. Eight world-leading machine tool producers will participate, with more than 10 exhibits making a first appearance in China, Asia or even globally. Exhibitors are expected to launch more than 100 new products and technologies at the event. High-end and intelligent equipment will occupy one of the CIIE's biggest exhibition zones, covering 60,000 square meters. Around 300,000 visitors are expected to arrive in Shanghai during the expo. The municipality said it is geared up to accommodate visitors, and controlled room rates from Oct 26 to Nov 14. More than 5,000 volunteers are recruited for the CIIE, offering language services in English, Japanese, Russian, Arabic, Spanish, Portuguese and French. All volunteers are trained in language delivery, interpersonal communication, coping with stress and service protocol. With a population of around 24 million, the host city of Shanghai is China's industrial and commercial hub, and one of the country's earliest cities to build economic ties with foreign countries. Shanghai port has handled the most containers worldwide for seven consecutive years. In preparation for the expo, Shanghai has set up a specialized court and judicial team for handling civil and commercial cases concerning the expo, the conference and exhibition industry, the expo venue and commercial cases concerning foreign affairs. A special center to deal with disputes concerning intellectual property rights has also been set up. The municipal government has been renovating roads around the expo venue, and has developed cellphone applications to better guide traffic around the area. It added eight bus routes and prepared 100 spare buses for the event.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "A hush fell over the crowd at Tianjin's Nankai University as Florence Chia-ying Yeh prepared to talk. It was a rare public appearance for the renowned poetry scholar in her mid-90s, and her fans were not about to miss a chance to see her. About 50 people had packed the small reading room of the college's Jialing Academy on June 24, and at least 60 more stood in a courtyard listening through speakers as she chatted about her life and recited poetry. Yeh has a special bond with Nankai. Not only has she taught there since 1989, when she retired from Canada's University of British Columbia, but she has also donated millions of yuan to establish scholarships and has pledged to make the college a significant beneficiary in her will. \"After announcing my plans to support Nankai University in setting up the Jialing scholarship to support research into Chinese traditional culture, many people have asked me why I'm committed to doing so,\" she said. \"I've never cared about personal wealth as I've weathered all types of challenges and endured many losses in my lifetime. In my darkest moments, it was poetry that enabled me to gain perspective.\" Yeh was born in Beijing in 1924 on the first day of the sixth lunar month, which this year falls on July 13. When she was 17 years old, her mother died, so she was cared for by relatives since she had no contact with her father. She graduated in her 20s from Fu Jen Catholic University\u00a3\u00adwhich later became part of Beijing Normal University\u00a3\u00adand started teaching literature at a secondary school. In 1948, toward the end of the Chinese civil war, Yeh married Chao Chung-sun, who worked for the Kuomintang navy. The couple moved to Taiwan the next year after establishment of the People's Republic of China. Yeh found work at a school in Changhua. However, not long after arriving in Taiwan, Chao was arrested on suspicion of being a spy and imprisoned for three years. Yeh, who had given birth to a daughter only months earlier, was also briefly detained by police but no charges were brought against her. She lived with relatives until her husband's release in 1952 and continued to teach, later being recruited by National Taiwan University. In 1966, the couple moved to the United States, where Yeh taught Chinese poetry first at Michigan State University and then at Harvard University. They moved to Canada in 1969 when Yeh was offered tenure at UBC, where she now is professor emeritus. Tragedy again struck in 1976, when Yeh's eldest daughter and son-in-law were killed in a traffic accident in Toronto. Chao died in 2008. \"Enormous sorrow and hardship have propelled me to gain an outlook on life that I don't mind any success or failure, gain or loss,\" she said. That outlook helped her thrive in situations in which others may have foundered. When she arrived in the US, Yeh could teach only in Chinese. She knew this would have to quickly change. \"I had to support my entire family while living overseas. I worked to improve my language skills and understanding of the West so I could teach Chinese culture in English,\" she said. \"Every night I'd check dictionaries for every word of the Chinese poems I'd be discussing the following day.\" Her hard work meant eventually she was able to explain fluently the styles and mindset of Chinese poets to Western audiences as well as present compelling interpretations of their poems to the wider world. Studies in Chinese Poetry, the 1988 book she co-wrote with Harvard professor James Hightower, is recognized for its profound impact on the global appreciation of Chinese poetry. Beginning in 1979, Yeh began spending summers teaching at various Chinese colleges, including at the prestigious Beijing, Nankai and Fudan universities. She offered her services for free and paid her own travel expenses. In 1978, she wrote the Ministry of Education asking to teach in her homeland, making Yeh\u00a3\u00adnow a Canadian citizen\u00a3\u00adone of the first Chinese-born scholars to return from overseas. She was accepted and chose to teach at Nankai University, where in 1993 she became the founding director of the China Comparative Literature Institute, later renamed the Institute of Chinese Classical Culture. Yeh announced early last month she had donated 18.57 million yuan ($2.8 million) to the college to establish the Jialing scholarship. She also had helped fund a scholarship named in honor of her eldest daughter and son-in-law. This is the second scholarship program she has helped fund, with the first named in honor of her eldest daughter and son-in-law. Her appearance at Nankai on June 24 coincided with the university's annual Lotus Culture Day, which celebrates the \"lotus spirit\". In traditional Chinese culture, the flower represents purity. \"I've appreciated the 'lotus spirit' since I was young, and I've written many poems about the noble flower,\" she said. Her childhood nickname was Xiaohe, meaning Little Lotus, she added. Yeh, who recently had three articles published, also has kept her sense of humor. \"My two maids at home joke frequently about why, at my age, I'm always reading or writing papers, even sometimes becoming so engrossed that I forget to eat,\" she said, sparking laughter among the audience.", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "Alibaba Group Holding Ltd announced on Wednesday the opening of another 30 Hema Xiansheng fresh food supermarkets throughout Beijing this year, as internet giants focus increasingly on the lucrative fresh-food retail sector. The announcement came right before JD's first fresh food supermarket 7Fresh started its official operation on Thursday, an indication of the increasingly intense competition and rapid expansion of the two e-commerce giants. With Hema opening in major commercial districts across Beijing including Xizhimen, Guang'anmen and Shuangjing, consumers in major urban areas of Beijing can have their groceries delivered to a location within a radius of three kilometers from the store in 30 minutes. \"We are proud to announce that Hema has discovered an exclusive means of 'new retail' at the beginning of the new year and is expanding quickly in China and outside the world,\" said Hou Yi, CEO of Hema. According to Hou, Hema stores are an example of Alibaba's new retail strategy, which aims to digitalize and transform the traditional grocery shopping experience and integrate online and offline shopping. The Hema stores, which feature a fresh seafood section including king crab and lobster, provide customers the option to either pop into the store and choose their goods, or order online through a proprietary app and have it delivered within half an hour. The new business model also allows customers to eat in-store through buying products in the supermarket and getting its restaurant staff to cook it. The online giant said last year that its first such store, which opened more than two years ago in Shanghai, has become profitable. Shoppers on average make 4.5 purchases per month and visit the supermarket 50 times a year, according to the company. The stores' sales per unit area is three-to-five times those of other supermarkets. While Hema has opened five stores in Beijing so far, Hou added that in 2018 the company will \"concentrate more on the Beijing market in addition to expanding its business across China\". Faced with increasingly fierce domestic competition, the company said that it will strive to improve retail efficiency using new technologies to develop new products and meet new demand.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "ATHENS\u00a3\u00adRepresentatives of the National and Kapodistrian University of Athens and Beijing Normal University participated in a forum held in Athens in September under the title China-Greece Dialogue: The Contemporary Reach and Influence of Chinese Culture. During the event held on the NKUA's campus, Greek and Chinese professors exchanged views on cultural links between the two countries and explored prospects to deepen bilateral cooperation in academia, science and art. \"We share several common elements (that) we can develop into a very positive cooperation in the future in the cultural sector ... Today's forum will highlight these aspects and the potential of collaboration,\" Eleni Karamalengou, dean of the School of Philosophy at NKUA, said in the opening remarks. Welcoming Chinese teachers and students at the forum, Meletios Athanasios Dimopoulos, rector of the NKUA, said the Greek university aims to strengthen existing links with Chinese universities through student-exchange programs and special courses. The NKUA will soon launch a course in Greek literature in English to attract more foreign students who do not speak Greek, he adds. \"The main driving force toward this direction was our wish to attract students from China ... We could not settle with only those who know the Greek language,\" he says. \"We believe we must open our university in particular in fields of great significance for Greece through study programs in English.\" Addressing the forum, Huang Huilin, dean of the Academy for International Communication of Chinese Culture at Beijing Normal University, stresses that cooperation between the two countries in this field will be beneficial to the entire world. \"Both countries' civilizations exerted great influence on the development of the world's civilization,\" she says, adding that the meeting of the two civilizations in the 21st century can help humanity. Communication between China and Greece is not just between two countries, but a form of modern dialogue between two ancient civilizations, Huang says. Wang Chao, cultural attache of the Chinese embassy in Athens, welcomes such initiatives that bring people closer through cultural exchanges between civilizations. \"We hope that more such cultural forums, such dialogues can be held. To make people listen to each other directly, seeing each other directly is better,\" he says.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Track laying for the Beijing-Zhangjiakou high-speed railway, an essential mode of transportation for the Beijing 2022 Winter Olympic Games, was completed on Wednesday. The 174-kilometer railway, which is scheduled to go into operation by the end of the year, will shorten the travel time from the current three hours between the two cities to less than one hour, according to China Railway Corp. Test runs begin in September. Its completion has significant meaning for enhancing the integrated development of Beijing, Tianjin and Hebei province, as well as connecting the western region of the country. Ning Bin, an academician of the Chinese Academy of Engineering and professor at Beijing Jiaotong University, said at a transportation forum on Tuesday that autopilot technology will be used in the operation of the Beijing-Zhangjiakou high-speed railway. \"The technology has been tested on the Beijing-Shenyang high-speed rail,\" he said. \"The top-layer design is important for building the intelligent Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei transportation system.\" \"Cloud computing and big data will be adopted by the system to accelerate the development of transportation in the area.\" The Beijing-Zhangjiakou high-speed railway will have the world's first automatically driven trains that run at speeds of up to 350 kilometers per hour. Huang Jianchao, a deputy general manager of China Railway No 3 Engineering Group, which contracted one section of the railway, said inspections by robots increased the efficiency and accuracy of the project. According to the authority, a variety of intelligent robots will also be used at high-speed rail stations to guide passengers and help them carry their baggage. By using the Beidou Navigation Satellite System and automatic operating system, the train can automatically start, run between stations, adjust its timing according to the schedule, accurately stop at a station, and open and close its doors, according to the authority. The line will also connect with the Zhangjiakou-Hohhot high-speed railway, cutting travel time from Beijing to Hohhot, Inner Mongolia autonomous region, to three hours, down from nine. Ma Kanyan, president of Beijing-Zhangjiakou Intercity Co, said the lines connecting Hohhot to Zhangjiakou, and Datong in Shanxi province to Zhangjiakou, will be opened later this year and will be beneficial to tourism, urbanization and local economic growth along the lines.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "China is willing to expand common interests and properly settle differences with the Philippines to consolidate public support for their ties getting back to a sound track, Premier Li Keqiang said on Friday. Li made the remarks when meeting with Pantaleon Alvarez, speaker of the House of Representatives of the Philippines, in Beijing. Li said that a good neighbor friendship between the two countries meets the fundamental interests of both peoples and contributes to regional peace and stability. He said China is ready to deepen mutual trust and communication with the Philippines to sustain a healthy and sound growth of ties. This year marks the 50th anniversary of the establishment of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations. Li said China is ready to support the work of the Philippines, which holds the rotating chairmanship of the ASEAN this year, and work with all parties to improve China-ASEAN ties as well as regional cooperation. Alvarez said the Philippine legislative body supports the efforts of President Rodrigo Duterte in improving and developing ties with China. He said the two countries' consolidated cooperation has resulted in many new achievements, and this will contribute to cooperation with and consensus among Asian countries. Alvarez said he welcomes Li to the Philippines this year for the Leaders' Meetings on East Asia Cooperation. Ties between the two countries have continued to improve since Duterte's visit to China in October. The Philippine embassy in China has seen a 200 percent increase in visa applications for tourism and business, Ambassador Jose Santiago Santa Romana said, according to The Philippine Star. The ambassador said there had been a decline in the number of Chinese tourists but things have changed since Beijing lifted all travel advisories. He added that the Philippine government aims to double tourism arrivals this year. \"(We) will hit 1 million (arrivals) this year, so we are just scratching the surface,\" the ambassador said, noting that the nation's consulates in China are now deluged with visa applications. Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying said on Friday: \"I think it's a good thing that the number of Chinese people visiting the Philippines is increasing rapidly.\" The improvement in ties \"has provided a good political environment for nongovernmental exchanges between the two countries,\" Hua said. \"In turn, strengthened friendly exchanges between the two peoples will definitely promote bilateral understanding and trust, consolidate public support for neighborly and friendly bilateral relations, and accumulate more positive energy for healthy and steady development of bilateral ties,\" she said. The two countries and their people will enjoy more concrete benefits as the two countries keep advancing their pragmatic cooperation in different fields, Hua said.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Beijing will take further action to safeguard national sovereignty and territorial integrity if Taiwan separatists continue to carry out secession activities, a senior mainland official warned on Wednesday in Beijing following recent military drills in the Taiwan Straits. Ma Xiaoguang, spokesman for the State Council Taiwan Affairs Office, spoke in response to a question during a news conference about whether \"military force for reunification\" should be employed. \"The recent live-fire drills carried out by the People's Liberation Army have sent an explicit and clear message\u00a3\u00adwe aim to pursue peaceful reunification with sincerity and great efforts, but we have the resolve, the confidence and the ability to defeat secessionist attempts in any form, to safeguard national sovereignty and territorial integrity,\" Ma said. Last week, the PLA Ground Force and Air Force conducted live-fire exercises and several training operations in the Taiwan Straits. Ma said the drills targeted a \"Taiwan independence\" force, and the government aims for a peaceful and steady cross-Straits relationship and to protect the common interests of people on both sides of the Straits. \"It (the live-fire drill) is a warning to the United States, to Tsai Ing-wen and Lai Chingte,\" said Wang Hailiang, a researcher of Taiwan studies at the Shanghai Academy of Social Sciences. Tsai is the island's \"president\" and Lai is the \"premier\". \"The message is clear. The statement made by the Taiwan affairs office is very sharp and it has sent a strong and clear signal. ... Further military activities can be carried out around Taiwan if the tension escalates,\" he said. A series of military and political events between the US and the island\u00a3\u00adsuch as whether US Marine Corps units protect the new site of the American Institute in Taiwan\u00a3\u00adwill take place in May and June, Wang said. \"If the US and Taiwan have recognized the signal from the mainland's military drill, they should keep a low profile to avoid incurring Beijing's anger,\" he said. Spokesman Ma Xiaoguang said on Wednesday, \"China has always objected if countries with a diplomatic relationship with China establish any form of official or military connection with Taiwan,\" commenting on remarks that US Marines may guard the AIT.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "  The World Bank Group is and will continue working closely with the Chinese government on the Belt and Road Initiative, according to the chief of the international financial institution. Jim Yong Kim, president of the World Bank Group, praised the initiative on Thursday during a press conference of the 2017 IMF/World Bank annual spring meeting in Washington. \"The One Belt, One Road project is an extremely important one for the Chinese government and also for us,\" said Kim, who is scheduled to attend the Belt and Road Forum for International Cooperation to be held in Beijing on May 14-15. Twenty-eight heads of state and government leaders have confirmed they will attend the meeting. \"The leadership that China is now taking in the overall world of development I think is unprecedented,\" he said. Kim, who has visited China many times, said China has been stepping up and illustrating that it is concerned about development, not just in neighboring countries or even along the Old Silk Road, but globally. He said the World Bank Group has a very close working relationship with the Chinese government and also with the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank (AIIB). \"We'll be signing another memorandum of understanding,\" he said.,  \"Not only are we engaged, for example, in a major study with China right now on the drivers of China's future economic growth, but we're partnering with AIIB already,\" he said, adding that there were two major projects that the World Bank co-financed with AIIB in Indonesia. \"So our expectation is that our engagement both with the Chinese government and with Chinese efforts at development, both through their own bilateral cooperation, but also through AIIB, will only grow going into the future,\" said Kim, who became the World Bank Group president in 2012. \"We've discussed at great length our approach of trying to crowd in much more private sector capital and the Chinese are very much in agreement with what we're trying to accomplish,\" he said. Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi said a few days ago that China will use the Belt and Road forum to build a more open and efficient international cooperation platform; a closer, stronger partnership network; and to push for a more just, reasonable and balanced international governance system. On Thursday, Kim also praised China's embrace of globalization and its success in lifting 800 million people out of poverty in the past decades.,  \"That happened when it embraced the global market, when it opened itself to competition, when it engaged more and more in trade,\" Kim said, without naming the United States and some European nations, where protectionism sentiment has been running strong. Kim said trade has been an extremely important part of global economic growth and an extremely important part of the poverty reduction in the last 30 years. \"We continue to argue that freer trade, more openness, is actually critical for the future of the world, and there may be individual countries that choose to look inward, but just because those individual countries look inward doesn't mean everyone else is going to look inward,\" he said. Kim cited China as \"a good example\". \"China is not going to stop trading with all of its trading partners and it's not going to stop continuing to work with Latin America. China's work in those countries has only gone up over the last few years, and I think it will go up further,\" he said.  ", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "  Before Shen Xiaoke started growing organic vegetables in Beijing's suburbs, he worked at an advertising company.  Shen started to pay attention to ecological agriculture after visiting an expo on climate in Hangzhou. Then when tragedy hit his friend, he decided to work on healthy food. His friend's 3-year-old child had been diagnosed with advanced liver cancer. Consuming food containing heavy metals is one of the causes of this cancer. \"I want more people to eat healthy vegetables at acceptable prices,\" Shen said.,Huang Ruijie was a Malaysian diving instructor before he opened a model studio with his Chinese girlfriend in Chengdu.Yan Xiaoyong likes gardening. After she quited her jobas alegal adviser at a real estate company, Yan and her two friends created a 200-square-meter roof garden in Wuhan, Hubei province.  Yan and her friends make money from selling flowers, designing gardens or balcony scenes and door-to-door plants maintenance services.Zhong Yan has a master's degree from a university in the United States, but it was his interest in model trains that dictated his next move. When he returned to China, he opened an online model train shop on Taobao. Because customers appreciate his good service, his shop has earned a good reputation among enthusiasts.  Zhong not only sells model trains, but also makes model locomotive himself. He has made the 8K locomotive model according to the real locomotive displays at China Railway Museum.  It cost more than 1 million yuan ($147, 456) to build the model 8K locomotive which includes more than 600 parts.  Zhong has now opened an offline shop along Suzhou River in Shanghai, and the model 8K locomotive is selling well in both domestic and overseas markets.,Wang Lina likes watching movies. The young woman saw a business opportunity when she watched a movie at a private cinema which offered privacy, a cozy atmosphere and customized service. Now, Wang runs a private cinema that provides Imax (image maximum) films to customers in Chongqing.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Discover the best things to do in Beijing with our weekly roundup of art and exhibitions, music and performances, and trending activities to do around town. To recommend an upcoming event or activity, please contact  The 2017 Beijing International Festival is an annual feast for movie lovers in the Chinese capital. This year's festival is scheduled to run from April 16-23. The Beijing Film Panorama will be showcased as part of the annual occasion, running from April 8-23. Nearly 500 movies from both China and abroad will be screened in 30 cinemas and movie organizations across the city in the next two weeks. Movies such as    and  will be featured, as well as the new Oscar winning film . Learn more  .    is the hottest TV drama in China right now. It's based on a  of the same name written by Zhou Meisen. The plot revolves around a detective's efforts to unearth corruption within a fictional Chinese city. With one corruption case followed by another, a graft chain gradually emerges. The release coincides with the Chinese government's unprecedented anti-corruption campaign. Learn more  .  A dramatic Chinese version of Charlotte Bronte's hit novel   is on show at the National Center for the Performing Arts (NCPA) this week. Actress Yuan Quan and actor Wang Luoyong will play the leading roles of Jane Eyre and Rochester.,  The exhibition   features over 300 precious objects from France, including a dazzling sword carried by Napoleon Bonaparte at his coronation. At Napoleon Bonaparte's coronation at the Notre-Dame de Paris on Dec 2, 1804, he carried the sword adorned with a 140-carat diamond. It's known as the Consular Sword. Click  for a sneak peek.,  The exhibition     showcases over 200 cultural artifacts from the National Museum of Afghanistan, helping to portray a vivid picture of Afghanistan between the 3rd century BCE and the 1st century AD. Learn more .  Beijing-based artist Lin Ruoxi, 54, rose to fame in the 1980s for his mastery of meticulous  brushwork and the traditional flower-and-bird paintings. Over the past three decades, he has dug further into the ink-brush realm and produced many figure paintings using  technique, flower-and-bird paintings in a carefree style and mountain-and-water paintings. His works are now being shown in Beijing, as part of a group exhibition to show artists' latest exploration of ink-brush art. Learn more  .  German neo-expressionist Markus Lupertz's current exhibition in Beijing shows his paintings and sculptures from different periods, beginning from the Dithyrambe series of paintings in 1962 to the latest Arcadia series. Learn more  .  Founded in 1937, the American Boy Choir is one of the finest musical ensembles in the United States.  At their debut show in China next week, the choir will stage a 100-minute performance singing classic songs including Vivaldi's   J.S.Bach's  Mozart's   and Lenon McCartney's .  ", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "BEIJING - An industry association in Beijing's hi-tech heartland Zhongguancun has launched a project to create more job opportunities for international students studying in China.  \"Cirrus Project\"- Job Search (CPJS), launched by Zhongguancun the Belt and Road Industry Promotion Association (ZBRA), aims to attract foreign talent by offering internships and training with enterprises at Zhongguancun, said Zhang Xiaodong, director of ZBRA.  The association was founded by high-tech firms, research institutes and entrepreneurs in Zhongguancun park. It aims to push for international cooperation for companies in the park.  Under the CPJS, foreign students can seek internship opportunities with companies at Zhongguancun through outreach programs at university. Students with a good internship report will also be rewarded, said Zhang.  Now the CPJS has established contact with universities including the University of International Business and Economics, Beijing Institute of Technology and Renmin University of China.  \"This is my first time attending such programs,\" said Jeun Yeong, a South Korean student studying Japanese in Renmin University. He attended a CPJS job affair in his university on Friday.  \"I will graduate in a year, and I hope my Chinese, Japanese and Korean skills can help me find a good job here,\" Jeun said.  There are more than 7,000 high-tech companies in Zhongguancun Haidian science park, said Huang Ying, deputy director of the park, \"Many are in urgent need of international talent for their overseas expansion.\"  The CPJS aims to reach more than 10,000 international students in five years and help more than 1,000 students establish close contact with local companies.  In January, China dropped the work experience requirement for foreign postgraduates and allows foreign students with a postgraduate degree or higher from Chinese universities to be employed within a year after graduation. ", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "China's flourishing science fiction genre reflects the dynamism of the country's culture and economy On at least one occasion five years ago the science fiction writers Liu Cixin and Han Song decided to contribute their own money to get people to take notice of their greatly ignored genre. When the annual 2012 Chinese Nebula award presentations were held in Chengdu, science fiction was so little known that each of them donated 10,000 yuan ($1,600) to ensure that the ceremony could go ahead. But three years later another awards ceremony in another place would be enough to give those in China who admire Liu and Han, and who love science fiction, reason to hope that no longer would it be treated as a poor cousin to mainstream literature. At the World Science Fiction Awards in Spokane, Washington state, Liu was announced as winner of the Hugo Award of 2015 for best novel for The Three Body Problem, and that Saturday night in August, as Ken Liu, who translated the book into English, accepted the award on the author's behalf, it became clear that Chinese science-fiction had finally arrived on the world stage.,To underscore the point, at the subsequent World Science Fiction Awards in Kansas City, Missouri, almost exactly a year later Hao Jingfang won the Hugo for best novelette for her story Folding Beijing, which Liu also translated. Those award successes set alight the imaginations of Chinese readers and have transformed science fiction into a star not only of book publishing but of films, video games and amusement parks as well. A big-screen movie based on The Three Body Problem is being made at the moment, and the 800-hectare, 10 billion yuan ($1.52 billion) Oriental Sci-Fi Valley theme park is due to open soon in Guiyang, Guizhou province. In the park there is a heavy emphasis on virtual reality that ties in with Guiyang's large big data industry. Last month the Sichuan Association for Science and Technology announced plans to build a 12 billion yuan China Science Fiction City in Chengdu aimed at showcasing and developing China's cultural industry. It is not as though Chinese science fiction is exactly new, having its roots in the early 1900s, so why has it taken the best part of a century for the genre to begin to show anything like its best potential, and what does it say about the country?,Xia Jia, a science fiction writer and associate professor of Chinese literature at Xi'an Jiaotong University, says: \"You can sense there is general anxiety about the future of humanity, but you could also say Chinese people are anxious about their own future. How will they survive the pressures of cutthroat competition? In Liu Cixin's rivalry between humans and aliens, some see another version of the competition between powerful countries. In this there is a feeling of crisis brought on by globalization.\" In an essay titled \"What makes Chinese science fiction Chinese?\" Xia said \"the crises of capitalist culture accompanied by the process of globalization are manifested in the daily lives of Chinese people\". China's society and economy have been transformed over the past 30 years or so, and many different aspects of this are reflected in science fiction stories, Xia tells China Daily. \"In these stories you can see that Chinese people are extremely anxious about the tensions between traditional China and the dream to be part of the modern world. You can see such anxieties in Liu Cixin's works and other short stories.\",Han Song, who in addition to writing science fiction is a senior executive at Xinhua News Agency, says that when the genre first came to the country it served as a mirror of Chinese society and the process of modernization. \"China has a very long civilization, and science fiction first played a role in the rejuvenation of that civilization in the first part of the 20th century. For example, a lot of science fiction at the very beginning just imagined how China would become a very, very strong country.\" Nathaniel Isaacson, associate professor of modern Chinese literature at North Carolina State University, says that when Chinese science fiction first appeared early last century the Qing Dynasty (1644-1911) was collapsing, European countries had again invaded Beijing to put down the Boxer Rebellion, and many coastal areas were under European control. These early Chinese science fiction often explored the place of China in the world and looked at ways it could overcome European colonialism, Isaacson says. \"Fairly often what they imagined was a future where China (was) politically, economically and culturally dominant. For example, the short story New Story of the Stone (which Wu Jianren wrote in the early 1900s) imagined a world where Shanghai had become a world center of trade and commerce, hosted a world expo and global political summits. But the narrative falls apart. At that time people could not imagine such things coming to pass. But they did happen in the early 21st century.\", For China, science fiction has gradually become \"a real soft power\", Han says. \"It even had an impact on Barack Obama. Who could ever have imagined that? It's real power is because it touches real problems - philosophical and spiritual things. That is soft power.\" In fact the popularity and success of science fiction in a country seems to go hand-in-hand with its rising political and economic strength, Han says, pointing to Britain's golden age as a world power, the rise of the United States to that status, and the Soviet Union at the height of the Cold War. In each case, science fiction was very popular at the time, he says. \"Even in Japan in the 1970s there was a lot of very good science fiction. Perhaps China is now at that juncture.\" However, Chinese science fiction's focus on the country's culture and the country's future does not imply that it is jingoistic. Wu Yan, professor of humanities at Southern University of Science and Technology in Shenzhen, says: \"Liu Cixun's idea is very, very Chinese. In the future, problems are solved. The Earth will be united as one. It is a kind of ancient Chinese thinking about 'under Heaven'. It's like the Chinese view of the world in imperial times that derives from Confucianism. Confucius has four stages of development: cultivate yourself, manage your family, administer your country and become united under heaven.\" Han Song argues that science fiction is now leaving its roots as a tool to popularize science and provides deep insights into China's culture and current life. \"Although science fiction in China is more than 100 years old, over the past 20 years it has gradually become a new way to express ideas about what is happening in Chinese society, not only about the universe or technology. It deals with what change in Chinese culture is about.\",Science fiction was once seen as a tool for spreading scientific knowledge and innovation, he says. \"It was popular literature in China, but it has become more and more serious, touching very sensitive societal issues. In fact it has become a completely new genre.\" Similarly, Wu Yan sees science fiction as a way of exploring philosophy. \"After Arthur C. Clarke's 2001: A Space Odyssey, Rendezvous with Rama, and The Fountains of Paradise were translated we were amazed to find they were not just about science. We had thought that this was what science fiction talked about, but then we realized it was not just about science but philosophy and religion as well. All of this came as a shock. My generation born in the 1960s greatly respected Clarke.\" Two young women writers especially focus on how ordinary people's lives are changing in China. \"Many science fiction works focus on interplanetary relations and the science of the distant future, but here works look at ordinary people's lives,\" Xia says. \"What I'm trying to do is to imagine the near future of ordinary Chinese people's lives, which is also a way to reflect how we feel about the current time. So you can see that some of my stories happen in a Chinese core family with the parents, child and old people. The technological revolution changes their relationships. I want to explore the positive side of this change rather than just the dark side. For example, I try to explore how ordinary people can use these technologies to rebuild their relationships, to keep their traditional feelings and values during this process.\",Hao Jingfang, the 2016 Hugo Award winner for best novelette, says: \"I am interested in people's minds, what they are thinking about, and the differences between people in everyday life. I really like studying these kinds of details in people. So I always write about stuff not that far removed from real life. Perhaps one day I will try to write about some far away universal empire or something like that.\" Hao's Folding Beijing deals with the inequality that has developed during rapid growth. Hao, who gained a PhD in economics at Tsinghua University in Beijing and is now deputy director of a macroeconomics research department at the China Development Research Foundation, says her professional work does not deal with inequality directly. \"I do projects on topics such as urbanization and government spending and we also look at what impact technological development will have on the job market.\" Ji Shaoting, founder and chief executive of the Future Affairs Administration company in Beijing, argues that rapid change is a direct progenitor of China's new science fiction. \"Behind the golden age of science fiction in the US was fast developing science. So right now in China science and technology is developing so fast that it changes people's lives every day. Forget money because you can now pay by phone; You can pick up and rent a bicycle anywhere; and with a quick phone call you can have food delivered to you. People can feel our country reaching to the stars, and they are focusing on that.\" China is developing so fast that people can feel the impact of science and technology, Ji says. \"Science fiction is about the relationship between people and science. So now that science fiction is developing so rapidly, it means people are conscious of it. I always tell my colleagues and investors - and science fiction fans - that if there is any place the golden age can return to, it's China.\" davidblair@chinadaily.com.cn     ", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Can driverless, internet-anchored, computer-driven cars get cyber-attacked, go berserk and jeopardize the auto industry?  The Fate of the Furious opens with a scene showing unattended cars getting hacked by anarchist Cipher and then rolling off New York high-rises, creating chaos. Reality could well mimic fiction, experts said.  The Beijing Municipal Commission of Transport predicted that the market size of China's smart internet-connected vehicle industry will exceed 100 billion yuan ($15 billion) by 2020.  \"We're entering a Big Security Era. Cybersecurity is no longer only about the internet. It's about almost every aspect of the offline world, and is thus an important part of national security,\" said Zhou Hongyi, chairman and CEO of Qihoo 360 Technology Co, China's biggest internet security company.  Agreed Zhang Zhiyong, founder and CEO of Wenfeng Automobile Consultancy. He said just like smartphones and personal computers, it is possible for a fleet of vehicles to get hacked at the same time.  \"A number of autonomous vehicles used in a ride-sharing service would all run on the same system, receiving regular software updates. Through a process known as \"subversion\", a hacker or another organization could interfere with the update process and add in code that allows for remote access,\" Zhang said.  According to Zhou, automobiles could well be one of the next major targets of cyberattacks. To prepare for any such eventuality, Qihoo 360 unveiled a \"security car\" by partnering with WM Motor, an emerging e-carmarker, last month at the annual Cybersecurity Week, an event aimed at raising awareness of knowledge and policies related to cybersecurity.  The car is equipped with a whole set of security solutions that cover components, systems and chips.  The system can detect cyberattacks almost in real time, predict risks of being hacked by calculating existing data, and deliver repair codes to cars.  \"In future, people can manage their vehicles in the same way they deal with computers,\" said Liu Jianhao, who is in charge of the internet-connected automobile security lab at Qihoo 360.  According to him, the Beijing-based company is offering both in-car and cloud-based solutions to better deal with cybersecurity issues.  At the cybersecurity event, Qihoo 360 also unveiled a slate of smart transportation solutions by ensuring safety among vehicle-to-human communication and interaction.  According to Zhang, a cyberattacker may slowly creep into software systems until the point of attack and taking control.  Qihoo predicts that by 2020, about 60 percent of automobiles will be connected to the internet, with vehicles becoming the third-largest segment connecting consumers with online services.   ", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "A big data report jointly released by Ctrip, a Shanghai-based online travel agency, and Skyscanner, a leading global travel search site, reveals three features and trends of the recently-concluded Spring Festival holiday: Beijing tops the hotlist of places of departure; Beijing, Shanghai and Guangzhou are still the most popular destinations for inbound travelers, and the Spring Festival travel rush shows a hint of reversed direction. Due to the growing middle-class, the outbound tourism market is still vibrant. Traveling abroad has become a top option for Chinese people in developed citities like Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou, Shenzhen and Chengdu, with Beijing ranking at the top spot as the place of departure. It suggests that Chinese people in affluent areas have broken from tradition to some extent and are prone to new ways of celebrating Spring Festival. Instead of the traditional going back home for family reunion, they choose to take their family on a vacation abroad. In terms of destinations, places near the Chinese mainland are the most popular. Thailand remains the most popular overseas destination on the list during this period, followed by Japan. What highlights this year's niche travel market is the Philippines; its city, Cebu, enjoyed a 145% increase in the number of tourist arrivals, which ranks at first place on the dark horse destination list.,As more and more Chinese tourists opt for a foreign vacation during the holiday, another noteworthy trend is that a considerable number of foreign expats come to China to experience the Chinese Lunar New Year. Beijing, Shanghai and Guangzhou are still the top three destinations for foreign visitors, as big cities can offer a vibrant urban life experience and convenient transportation. But second-tier cities like Chengdu, Xiamen, Chongqing, Wuhan, Fuzhou, Changsha and Kunming also make the list due to their folk culture, unique cuisine and pleasant climate. For Chinese people, the most important Spring Festival tradition is going back to their hometown for family reunion. So usually the Spring Festival travel rush unleashes China's largest seasonal migration of people. But according to data, this year's travel rush shows a reversed direction, that is, a growing percentage of people chose to pick up the elderly and other family members to join them in cities to celebrate Spring Festival. Five popular destinations for this reversed travel route are Shanghai, Beijing, Guangzhou, Shenzhen and Hangzhou. The rationale behind this trend is that people can avoid the transportation peak by choosing a reversed direction. ", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "Beijing, Shanghai and Shenzhen have been China's top three leading cities for mass entrepreneurship and innovation for two years in a row, according to a ranking released by big data company Youedata and National Business Daily. The entrepreneurial conditions and climate are relatively mature in the three cities, the report said. The index for mass entrepreneurship and innovation of 17 Chinese cities, in which China's first batch of 28 demonstration bases for mass entrepreneurship and innovation approved by the General Office of the State Council last year are located, was measured in the ranking.  It reviewed the mass entrepreneurship and innovation situation and trend in the 17 cities, taking four major factors: the environment, vitality, capability and effectiveness into evaluation.  Benefiting from the local government's support, talents and capital, Chengdu, capital city of Southwest China's Sichuan province, comes fourth in the ranking, followed by Guangzhou, capital of Guangdong province. The mass entrepreneurship and innovation program has been in full swing in China since it was initiated by Premier Li Keqiang at the 2014 Summer Davos in Tianjin. This year's National Mass Entrepreneurship and Innovation Week will run from Sep 15 to 21 in Beijing. Let's take a look at China's top 10 cities best for mass entrepreneurship and innovation this year. No 10 Hefei Index: 63.32 No 1 Beijing Index: 127.44 No 9 Tianjin Index: 68.85 No 8 Wuhan Index: 69.94 No 7 Hangzhou Index: 70.77 No 6 Chongqing Index: 71.30 No 5 Guangzhou Index: 80.78 No 4 Chengdu Index: 85.26 No 3 Shenzhen Index: 103.87 No 2 Shanghai Index: 113.85  ", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "On Friday, Fitch Ratings published China Fortune Land Development Co., Ltd.'s (CFLD) long-term foreign-currency issuer default rating (IDR) as BB+ with a stable outlook. Fitch Ratings, one of the world's top three foreign ratings agencies, also assigned BB+ ratings to CFLD (Cayman) Investment Ltd's notes as they are unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by CFLD. CFLD's ratings are supported by its leading position in the industrialization and urbanization of large districts in less developed counties in key economic regions such as the pan-Beijing region, the Yangtze River Delta, the Pearl River Delta, Central China and the Sichuan-Chongqing zone, Fitch said on its website. CFLD, an industry zone developer and operator, has a unique business model differentiated from most Chinese homebuilders, strengthening its competitive advantage, Fitch added. Furthermore, domestic credit-rating agency Dagong Global Credit Rating Co maintained on May 31 both the bond credit rating and the enterprise credit rating for CFLD at AAA, with a stable outlook. CFLD's financial report in Q1 shows that CFLD's business revenue rose 21.48 percent year-on-year to more than 9.49 billion yuan, while net profit attributed to equity shareholders reached 2.29 billion yuan, up 30.33 percent from a year earlier. In recent years, CFLD has explored differentiation development strategies in various cities and established more than 80 new industry cities in Beijing and the provinces of Guangdong, Jiangsu, Zhejiang and Henan, as well as in Indonesia.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "A 48-year-old construction worker, who goes by the name of Ning Dalin, is currently working in underground Wangfujing\u00a8C a downtown area of Beijing, which features shopping malls, luxury hotels, and large flows of people. Ning, who currently works on the third-stage of construction on the Beijing Metro Line 8, has been involved in four subway construction projects in the city since 2009. He also holds the head position of leading a standardization operation team at the China Railway 16th Bureau Group. According to a report by The Beijing News, 8.25 million people used the Beijing metro service each day in 2016. Without the contributions of workers, such as Ning, the underground service would be nowhere near as impressive. Ning, who spoke to chinadaily.com.cn on April 15, said one of the first steps construction workers make, when digging in the subway, is building \"ventilation, water and electricity systems\".  \"That is what my duty is,\" he said. As the project advances, Ning then checks the water pipes, high-pressure air ducts and electrical systems in the subway tunnel. He said the job takes about 40 minutes and, most times, workers do the job alone in the dark. \"I don't feel lonely or frightened,\" he said. \"I am too busy with finishing my job, checking-off my procedures, or I'm too busy being concerned with any potential problems I could face.\",  When Ning spoke to chinadaily.com.cn on April 15, 2017, the construction worker confirmed he was introduced to the job, working on building Beijing metro, by a friend, but said accepting the position was initially nothing more than just being transitional. Ning was born in a small village at Xianghe county, Langfang city of North China's Hebei province, and dropped out of his first year of high school. He had a long occupational history, working in construction and maintenance.  Before he started working in the underground, Ning ran a small business during the 1990s; however, transitioned into making a living by doing the odd job here and there after having a failed investment. \"Then I found my current job,\" he said. \"I didn't regard it as a long-term career at that time, because the company only paid about 1,800 yuan a month at the beginning, and that was very low.\" On top of the pay, Ning recalled the poor working environment when he started in underground construction, and said he constantly suffered chapped facial skin during the summer while conducting electric welding work. \"There was no enclosed facility back then, so the tunnel, which was full of holes, was frozenly cold in the winter, and was hot and muggy in summer,\" he said. \"Also, because we did not use any dust removal equipment, the first thing we had to do after work each day was washing our noses, and then we could go for dinner.\" While Ning did not believe he would be working underground for more than a year and a half, he has been there eight years and does not see himself changing careers anytime soon. \"As an honest, hard-working person, I feel a sense of achievement every time I finish a task,\" he said.,    The gratification brought by the job maximized when Ning takes the subway built by him.\"I was involved in the early construction of Beijing Metro Line 10, and when my co-workers and I heard the line was open in 2013 \u00a8C while we were dining at a restaurant\u00a8Cwe rushed to the subway station to take a ride. \"We were very excited.\" Ning further confirmed the leadership of the company was another reason why he stayed. \"The people are responsible, kind and thoughtful,\" he said. \"Especially my project manager; he is only in his thirties, and teaches and inspires me a lot.\" Ning has also since learnt a variety of skills from the job, which he started in maintenance work. \"Now I can handle spray-painting, wall building and tiling,\" he said. \"The electronic screen hanging on the entrance of our construction site is one of my 'masterpieces'.\" Speaking of a popular saying among other workers of the project - \"If you have trouble, just go for Ning\", Ning feels proud. \"I guess it is because I have worked here for a long time and am well-experienced so people can depend on me.\" Xiao Yang, an engineer who has been working with Ning for years, said his colleague's efficiency and frankness impressed him daily. Ning said:\"If you have been on a job for years, you will have a kind of loyalty to your company and colleagues. For new comers, most times they just do what they are told; for me, I feel there are many other things I should concern about. I have developed my own responsibility.\",While Ning has struggle with not having a college degree throughout his working life, he has been given the chance to study in his current role, with the help and influence of his current project manager.  \"Wang Haimin, my project manager, impresses me a lot with his profound knowledge,\" he said. \"He is also from a rural village.\" \"During our lunch breaks, I often read news stories, books or even WeChat subscriptions. \"I have realized there is a lot of information about machines and our work on the internet.\" As Ning enjoys his job and is the backbone of his family, he said he would like to continue his position for at least another decade. Ning earns about 200 yuan each day and believed his physical condition would be good enough to continue on, despite the company's regulations of not hiring migrant workers aged 55-years and above. Zhang Shengchu, head security of the company, said the company prefers to hire migrants under the age of 50, with a maximum of 55 years, as the labor is hard. \"For workers, like Ning, who still want to do their role after the age of 55, they will have to switch over and become cleaners,\" he said. \"Unfortunately, it means their salaries will decrease, but it's because the construction workers are paid relatively well now.\" Zhang also said he held concern for the future of the company, in regards to its employees, as a majority of the workers are in their late forties. \"Young people are not willing to do this job,\" he said.,  \"Even though they will make considerable money, it is still going to be hard work. \"It seems they would rather to be a security guard or trucker.\" Xiao, the engineer, said he has also noticed the aging \"trend\". \"Even though the working environment has improved significantly, the work is still very hard, especially in the less-mechanized underground digging project,\" he said. \"We often discuss who will do the job after Ning's generation retires.  \"I guess the labor dilemma can force the process of mechanization.\" Ning, who also commented on the issue, said he did not worry about whether if he could keep his job after the age of 55 or if his work would be replaced by machines.  \"I had not really thought that far ahead,\" he said. \"I believe there will be no problem as long as you have a strong inner strength and body. \"I just hope all of the construction workers, like me, can do their jobs safely and happily, so they can take good care of their families.\",          ", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "BEIJING - The ongoing trade frictions with the United States will have limited negative influence on the Chinese macro economy, experts said. \"China's economy is running stable and maintains good momentum for growth. The trend is expected to continue for the long term. The Chinese market has great leeway, strong growth impetus and resilience,\" said Wang Changlin, vice-president of the Academy of Macroeconomic Research of the National Development and Reform Commission. The trade friction with the United States will exert some influence on the Chinese economy, but will be limited in general, according to Wang. The United States on April 3 announced tariffs on a proposed list of Chinese goods worth $50 billion. The list was authorized by the US Trade Representative's office, which in August 2017 initiated an unfounded investigation under the Section 301 of the US Trade Act of 1974 to probe China's intellectual property and technology transfer practices. According to an initial estimate, declines of exports up to $50 billion would drag China's GDP growth rate down by less than 0.1 percentage point, Wang said. China is still fully capable of achieving its annual growth target of around 6.5 percent this year and maintaining the surveyed urban unemployment rate within 5.5 percent while creating more than 11 million new urban jobs. \"The industries targeted by the proposed US tariff increases are not labor intensive, which means that export declines in these sectors will not cause large-scale layoffs,\" said Wang. New overseas markets will be developed, as will the potential of the domestic market, further diminishing the negative influence of tariff increases, he said. Wang also believes China's plan to impose additional tariffs on US goods, including soybeans and pork, will have a minor influence on inflation. China imported 32.85 million metric tons of soybeans from the United States, accounting for more than one-third of China's total soybean imports. Tariff increases will make US soybeans uncompetitive, causing them to be replaced by products from Brazil and Argentina, according to Chen Yang, a researcher with the Chinese Academy of Agricultural Sciences. If there is a price hike of 25 percent on soybeans, the consumer price index (CPI) will be raised by about 0.25 percentage point. The CPI control target of around 3 percent this year will still be reached, analysts said. For the United States, however, it will be hard to find an alternative buyer like China for its soybeans. Also, the burden of the proposed US tariff increases on Chinese products will be shouldered by the whole industrial chain, putting pressure on exporters, raw material providers and retailers, as well as US buyers, rather than by Chinese enterprises only, according to Wang. China's financial market will also remain stable, given that the country's economic growth is stable, business efficiency is improving and consumer prices are running in a low range, according to Wang. He suggested China continue to take good care of its own affairs and avoid being misled by others. China will not surrender to external pressure, Vice-Finance Minister Zhu Guangyao reiterated earlier this month. \"Looking at it another way, external pressure is the driving force for innovation and development,\" Zhu said. China's trade surplus with the United States grew 13 percent year-on-year to 1.87 trillion yuan last year, data showed. The trade imbalance between the two countries is structural, with China exporting more commodities to the United States while importing more services, according to Minister of Commerce Zhong Shan. China has repeatedly voiced its commitment to further opening up and support for economic globalization to facilitate both domestic and global development.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Public security officials in Hefei, the capital of East China's Anhui province, have set up a research center to track and prevent crimes in cyberspace.  \"While the internet brings convenience to our lives, it also facilitates the violation of laws, as some may find it easier to commit crimes,\" said Wang Liang, the deputy director of the Hefei Public Security Bureau's cybersecurity department.  The Cyber Crime Research Center, said to be the first of its kind in the country's public security system, was set up on Nov 15 jointly with a Beijing-based internet technology company. It is expected to help the local police act more effectively against cybercrime, according to Hefei police.  The facility, based in Hefei, will mainly serve the city, the local police said.  Speaking about the research center, Wang, who believes that most of the crime in the future will be committed via the internet, said: \"Data shows that nowadays about one-third of crimes are committed via the internet, and such crimes have been increasing by about 30 percent every year.\"  For instance, he said, many banned items, such as guns, drugs and private information, have been illegally transacted on the internet, often in very secret ways.  Wang Zhe, also a deputy director of the local cybersecurity department, said: \"The criminals may also plan and organize crimes via social media.\"  Meanwhile, though the cybersecurity department has been around for years, the authorities' technological strength is not enough to meet the increasing demand for cybersecurity, so they have had to work with leading internet security companies.  In many cases, the cybersecurity department merely acts on reports of crime, but the new center will do research on cybercrime on its own initiative.  \"Different solutions will be offered,\" said Wang Zhe.  In the first 10 months of this year, the Hefei public security authorities dealt with 2,644 cases of cybercrime and arrested 3,028 suspects, but they think the efficiency could be further improved through the research center in the future.  Separately, since its setting up, the facility has found 711 flaws on 39 local government department websites, in addition to tracking cases of hacking, illegal transaction of private information, prostitution and cyber gambling, according to Hefei police. ", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Technology is making life easier for travelers in China, the country with the highest number of smartphone users. Thanks to artificial intelligence, instead of using paper tickets, tourists in Shanghai can now have their faces scanned to hop on and off sightseeing buses. The first batch of smart double-decker buses supported by Baidu Brain, the AI platform of technology giant Baidu, took to the city's streets in December, according to local media portal Shanghai Observer. When buying tickets on their mobiles, passengers' faces are scanned and verified by the phone's camera in a process that only takes about one to two seconds. Beijing home-sharing company Xiaozhu also uses facial recognition technology, and offers smart locks for a smooth check-in experience. Developed by Ant Financial, the financial technology arm of Alibaba Group, the smart locks allow people to use their faces as keys to enter houses through Xiaozhu's mobile app. This function also allows landlords to verify guests' identity and better safeguard their property. Xiaozhu is often seen as China's answer to Airbnb, the global online marketplace and hospitality service company. More than 500,000 shared houses in 650 cities and other destinations are listed on the Xiaozhu platform. Many of them are fitted with smart smoke detectors and alarms. The idea of smart accommodation is not just the preserve of fast-rising startups such as Xiaozhu. In December, a futuristic Flyzoo Hotel was unveiled by Alibaba Group in Hangzhou, capital of Zhejiang province, where the company has its headquarters. Largely operated by robots, the hotel's main features include automated check-in facilities, smart facial-scan door locks and voice-controlled household appliances. Guests can buy the furniture and many other items used in the hotel by taking photos through a designated app. Wang Liantao, cofounder and chief operating officer of Xiaozhu, said, \"The idea of a sharing economy is now widely accepted across the world, and China takes the leading position.\" He said the country's tech-savvy consumers, rapid economic development and ongoing consumption upgrades are part of the reasons for this growth. While 66 percent of Chinese tourists book most of their trips on mobile devices, only 23 percent of Japanese travelers do so, according to a survey in 2017 by international travel technology service provider Amadeus. The Chinese proportion was the highest among the 14 markets covered. Many foreign tourists in China are now booking everything online, as this offers greater convenience. Online travel agency Ctrip provides services in 12 languages through its international site Trip.com, and the company offers travelers the option to either join tour groups, or to book services and products individually. Sun Bowen, Ctrip's general manager of inbound tourism destination marketing, said, \"By using big data analysis to get the user portrait of each country, we can come up with promotions and marketing strategies in a more targeted way.\" In addition to relying on data from its own platform, Ctrip partners with international social media platforms and search engines such as Facebook, Twitter and Google for better analysis. Although they may not be that popular with foreign travelers yet, portable translation devices are now must-have companions for an increasing number of Chinese tourists, as they can help them overcome language barriers whey they are abroad. During last year's Nov 11 Singles Day shopping festival, the JoneR Pro, priced at 2,999 yuan ($443), ranked second in the pocket translator category on e-commerce platform JD.com and Alibaba's online marketplace Tmall. Developed by Beijing Babel Technology Co in collaboration with Tsinghua University, the JoneR Pro supports two-way voice translation of 53 languages. Similar in size to a smartphone, it can translate text from photos and provide Wi-Fi access and an audio guide service for more than 1,200 popular travel destinations in 50-plus countries. AI is one of the JoneR Pro's key technologies, said Xie Yanshun, marketing director of Beijing Babel Technology. \"People don't always talk in full sentences using correct grammar, but we can understand each other because we can think based on common sense. For translators, they need to figure this out independently with the help of AI,\" Xie said. Li Yunpeng, director of the Tourism Internet Plus Institute at Capital University of Economics and Business in Beijing, said various technologies have been used in the tourism industry to tackle specific problems for decades. But the link to tourists in each scenario should be factored in properly so that users can tap the full potential. \"Many of the applications are still focused on the user side and haven't been integrated into each business. For example, people may be able to book visa applications with a travel agency on WeChat, but they still need to hand in the documents required in person or by mail,\" Li said. He thinks companies should place more emphasis on the appropriate use of technology in order to reduce operating costs and improve efficiency. In turn, this will help them to upgrade their business processes. Li said commercialization of the fifth generation, or 5G, mobile communications technology - targeted by the central government for next year - will further stimulate the growth of tourism technology. For example, technologies such as augmented reality and virtual reality can be expanded to more applications, from booking and guide services to virtual tourism. Technologies such as AI, big data, the internet of things and blockchain will all play important roles in pushing the industry forward, according to Li. He said tourism, although often seen as a traditional industry, has huge potential in integrating with various other businesses, and will be further modernized with the help of different technologies, including smart architecture. \"Today's consumers are very accustomed to using their mobile phones or other new technologies to solve problems. Under these circumstances, tourism companies and those who want to provide tourism-related services have to adapt to these changes,\" Li said. Xie, from Beijing Babel Technology, said location-based services will be added to the JoneR Pro translator later this year through a free upgrade pack. This will allow the devices to automatically notify users of audio guide material as they visit a tourist attraction, or give recommendations for a specific restaurant. \"We hope that in the future the JoneR Pro will not only be the travel companion of outbound tourists, but also accompany foreign tourists when they visit China and elsewhere,\" Xie said. The translators can be bought or rented on major Chinese e-commerce platforms, online travel service providers, and airports in Beijing, Shanghai and Shenzhen, Guangdong province.", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "China will widen market access to foreign capital in broader fields and actively build a first-class business environment, President Xi Jinping said on Tuesday. Xi made the remarks in a congratulatory message to the 2019 China International Fair for Trade in Services, which opened in Beijing on Tuesday. China remains committed to promoting opening-up at an even higher level, Xi said, and the country firmly upholds the multilateral trading system. With the acceleration of economic globalization, trade in services has increasingly become an important part of international trade and a key area in economic and trade cooperation among countries, Xi noted, adding that it has injected fresh impetus into the global economy. Mentioning that trade in services has broad prospects and huge potential for development, he urged countries to seize the opportunity and join hands to build a better future of global services for mutual benefit and shared growth. China stands ready to intensify cooperation with various countries on trade in services and investment, enhance liberalization and facilitation of trade and investment, and push for economic globalization to develop in an open, inclusive, mutually beneficial, balanced and win-win manner, Xi said. He expressed the hope that participants in the five-day event will strengthen their cooperation to promote the growth of global trade in services and guide global economic development in order to benefit the people of all countries and advance the building of a community with a shared future for mankind. Formerly the China (Beijing) International Fair for Trade in Services, the fair aims to have global influence and lead the innovative development of domestic and global trade in services. The theme of the fair is Opening-up, Innovation, Intelligence and Integration. Enterprises and organizations from 137 countries and regions are taking part in the event. Trade in services refers to the sale and delivery of intangible products such as transportation, tourism, telecommunications, construction, advertising, computing and accounting. \"China has already taken steps to improve the development of trade in services, including gradually opening up the finance, education, culture and medical treatment sectors, as well as introducing the first new negative list for cross-border service trade in the China (Shanghai) Pilot Free Trade Zone last year to offer global companies more access,\" said Bai Ming, a senior researcher at the Chinese Academy of International Trade and Economic Cooperation. Eager to compete with their global counterparts, Bai said Chinese cities such as Shenzhen, Hangzhou and Wuhan are also innovating and diversifying service trade, including spearheading the development of digital service trade and promoting digital service outsourcing. China has trade in services with more than 200 countries and regions. Its service trade volume reached 1.29 trillion yuan ($186.81 billion) in the first quarter of this year, up 2.6 percent year-on-year, while its service export volume topped 463.49 billion yuan, up 10.3 percent, according to the Ministry of Commerce.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "It has been 10 years since the 2008 Beijing Olympics, but for many the memory of the sports extravaganza will always remain fresh, especially the event's torchbearers. Nearly 100 representatives of Beijing Olympic torchbearers across China gathered in the city this Thursday to celebrate the Games' 10th anniversary, and revisited the Beijing National Stadium, also known as the Bird's Nest, which was designed for use as the main stadium throughout the 2008 Summer Olympics and Paralympics. Reuniting the torchbearers also provided an opportunity to share the charity efforts by the group. Zhang Faqiang, the honorary chairman of the Beijing Torchbearers Association and former deputy director of the General Administration of Sport of China, expressed his gratitude for all the charity efforts by different torchbearer organizations across China. The Chinese Olympic men's shooting gold medalist Yang Ling also came to the celebration, saying that he was very happy to meet all the torchbearers and hoped to see all his friends again at the 2022 Beijing Winter Olympics. Huang Haijun, the chairman of the China Torchbearers Federation and Beijing Torchbearers Association, said that for the past year, the association has participated in many charity programs, including care projects for the students in rural areas. Huang also stressed that for the past decade, many torchbearer charity organizations have been established, helping a huge number of people in need and earning the trust and recognition of many.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Rows of toy claw machines can be seen at shopping malls, cinemas and subway stations in China's big cities. Young people surround the machines, some playing them in groups and others alone. These machines originated from candy dispensers, which appeared in Western countries early in the 20th century and evolved over the decades. They emerged in Japan in the 1980s and were introduced to the Chinese mainland in the 1990s after proving popular in Taiwan. It is estimated that there are 30,000 such machines in shopping malls that opened in China in 2017, with a market value of more than 9 million yuan ($1.3 million). In Japan, the claw machine market size reached 11 billion yuan in 2016, with about 150,000 machines, according to Li Yingshi, an analyst from the Qianzhan Industry Research Institute in Shenzhen, Guangdong province. The items they contain now include sneakers, cakes and snacks. \"Japan's claw machines have become a new form of offline retail,\" she said. In China, the machines have become popular with young people playing them in arcades with their friends. Chen Yantong opened a toy claw machine arcade in downtown Beijing with friends in May last year. \"When you hang out with friends, you want to do something interesting in addition to dining. As many Chinese are used to buying clothes online, shopping is no longer a priority to kill time. So what should they do with that extra time?\" he asked. At the store he helped launch, the peak period is 2 pm to 7 pm. \"Competition is fierce, and similar shops are emerging,\" Chen said. Liang Suya, 28, a photographer from Qingyuan city, Guangdong province, 60 kilometers from Guangzhou, the provincial capital, said: \"Many take it for granted that this is just a simple arcade game, but it requires various skills. I enjoy both the soft toys and the process of grabbing them. \"It's a game that requires careful thinking. You make a judgment after careful observation and consideration, including how the dolls are arranged in the machine. I'm really pleased when I figure out an unexpected way to grab a toy.\" Liang became interested in playing the machines when she accidentally grabbed a toy duck that she liked. It took her a while to become adept, and her record is successfully grabbing eight toys in 10 attempts. \"While a mobile game provides virtual prizes, playing claw machines offers rewards in a more substantial form. It feels different,\" she said. Her friend once posted an online video of her grabbing toys, which became a hit, resulting in more than 12 mainstream media outlets interviewing Liang. In January last year, a short video about Liang's story on the sharing website Pear Video attracted more than 30 million hits and 33,000 comments. She attributes the claw machine fad in recent years partially to the popularity of video sites, where players share their successes and skills with others. \"People living in small cities have fewer entertainment choices than those in metropolises. Novelties such as claw machines are appealing to young people, especially those who are on a date and who want to have fun,\" she said. Wen Ji'er, 22, a writer who has published several books, plays the machines up to three times a week, each session lasting more than two hours. She gets to learn about the latest trends and gossip from her fellow players. \"It's like a cafe. We're close to each other and can hear others chatting,\" she said. She once arranged to meet a friend and the friend's partner in a claw machine arcade. Wen believed the couple could get to know each other better by using the machines - for example, whether the young man would be angry if he could not grab a toy. She said playing the machines is a way to relieve her stress. \"I don't like to go to karaoke lounges, pubs or do sports. I like to be by myself and often stay at home in my spare time,\" Wen said. \"I've loved soft toys since I was a child. It (playing toy claw machines) has turned out to be an efficient way for me to deal with anxiety and pressure.\" \"You need to be extremely focused to grab a doll by using a claw machine. It's a mixture of excitement and relaxation, and I like the feeling.\" Charges for playing the machines in Beijing range from 2 to 5 yuan (30 to 75 cents) for each attempt. Li, the analyst, said they are often installed at shopping malls, cinemas and subway stations - places where there are large numbers of people and high demand. \"Many in the industry in China are individuals operating on a shoestring. Most stuffed toys are rather ordinary, and only a few are authorized by big companies, making them more expensive,\" she said. Chen, who opened a toy claw machine arcade in Beijing, said consumers like dolls they are familiar with, such as those based on emojis. \"It's a good marketing strategy that they can only get the dolls from claw machines. Young people's consumption power should not be neglected,\" he said. Wang Biao, founder and CEO of the company 12 Block Culture, is inspired by the Japanese market and wants to see a successful model in China. \"In Tokyo, some copyright stuffed dolls from popular comics are available only from claw machines. I hope the machines will become a major retail channel for products related to comics and animations in China,\" he said. The Beijing company specializes in creating emojis for social media platforms such as WeChat. In December 2017, it opened LLJ Station claw machine arcades in cities such as Beijing, Shanghai and Guangzhou. The machines contained the company's stuffed dolls and those authorized by brands in China and overseas. Limited-edition dolls are not for sale and are only available from the machines, for which customers pay 5 yuan per play. The stores are popular among young Chinese and celebrities such as actress Zhao Liying. The company invited a Japanese expert to train its staff members in Beijing. The training included instruction on how to interact with customers. Wang said: \"We do our best to make sure our customers have fun and get the dolls they like. Our algorithm ensures that a customer is able to get two dolls at least by spending 100 yuan. \"It's actually a way of selling dolls. When customers are 'buying' them, they enjoy themselves at the same time. If they fail at certain times, a staff member will help to move a doll to a spot where it is easier to grab. We want to make customers happy. They will not feel happy if they cannot grab a doll.\" Liang, the photographer, takes a large shopping bag to carry home the toys she wins. She plays the machines once a week and pays 1 yuan for every attempt. She records her expenses and the number of toys she grabs in a notebook. In the past two years, she has spent more than 40,000 yuan on grabbing over 10,000 toys. She categorizes them carefully and places them in large black plastic bags with written tags, which take up a lot of space at her home. When she moved to a house next door, it took her two weeks to transfer all her toys by throwing the bags over a dividing wall each day. Liang said it is not uncommon for diehard fans like her to own such a large number of soft toys. She said fans enjoy themselves by grabbing the toys, but have to watch the numbers as they accumulate. Some sell their dolls to claw machine owners for a low price or set up stands to sell them on the street. Liang joins benefit activities to sell her dolls and donates the money she gets to those in need. \"Some people don't understand why we spend a fortune on claw machines, and some even think it's squandering money,\" she said. \"In fact, many are willing to spend a lot of money on something they love. Some people may choose to fly to another city to watch a soccer game, or buy a luxury-brand handbag. Playing a claw machine is no different to this.\"", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "As the first China International Import Expo is less than one month away, the host city Shanghai has reached the final stage of its preparations, as products from all over the world have been arriving in the city. Designed to be a world-class event on a par with the most renowned exhibitions in the world, the inaugural import expo combines country exhibitions, enterprise exhibitions and forums to promote free trade and an open global economy. The event, which will be held at the National Exhibition and Convention Center from Nov 5 to 10 in Shanghai, was first announced in 2017 by President Xi Jinping, who called it \"an important policy statement and action demonstrating China's embracing of greater openness\". According to the China International Import Expo Bureau, a total of 2,800 companies from the G20 member states, as well as 50 countries and regions involved in the Belt and Road Initiative, will participate in the expo. Around 160,000 buyers from more than 80,000 domestic and overseas enterprises have also signed up for the event. In addition, 80 countries and three international organizations have confirmed their participation in the event, said the bureau. As the event is drawing near, goods from foreign exhibitors have arrived at local customs. Shanghai has opened green channels for the products, significantly cutting the time needed for them to be unloaded and stored in local warehouses. So far, it is estimated that products from more than 1,500 exhibitors have arrived in the Chinese mainland, while those from another 1,000 have been or are being shipped. Gao Rongkun, director of Shanghai Customs, said that the customs department has drawn on the experiences from the 2008 Beijing Olympics and 2010 Shanghai Expo to design measures for the upcoming event in November, such as offering a one-stop service for exhibit registration, clearance and supervision, and reconciliation. Several other measures were published in June, including the expansion of categories of imported exhibits for agricultural and livestock products, and the simplification of export and disposal procedures for exhibits after the expo. Fang Hui, general manager of the operation department of the National Exhibition and Convention Center, said a temporary customs inspection area will be set up in the northern plaza of the center for late arrivals or highly valuable exhibits that are not suitable for inspection at ports. Chinese companies are eyeing the great potential of boosting imports through the event. \"During the expo, we expect to import at least 1,000 kinds of products and services that have not been sold in the domestic market,\" said Wang Zhe, Party secretary of China's commercial giant Suning Holdings Group. \"In the next three years, we plan to import goods worth 10 billion euros ($11.5 billion).\" Liang Feng, president of the State-owned China National Machine Tool Sales and Technical Service Corporation, said the CIIE will see eight leading companies in the machine tool industry launch a dozen new products in China for the first time. More than 100 new products and technologies are expected to debut at the expo, according to statistics from the organizers. Forty-three African countries have confirmed their participation in the expo. Around 190 enterprises from Africa will promote local products such as Egyptian date palm, Ethiopian coffee, and Amarula from South Africa, according to the organizers. \"The CIIE shows China's changing trade strategy and its resolve to fulfill its responsibility as a major country and achieve mutual benefits and win-win cooperation with all nations,\" said Zhao Beiwen, deputy head of the World Economy Institute of the Shanghai Academy of Social Sciences. As the host city, Shanghai has been holding rehearsals, improving city infrastructure and training volunteers to meet needs of the upcoming event. A comprehensive rehearsal was held at the expo venue on Oct 4 covering various scenarios. Realizing that the six-day exhibition would be too short a period for exhibitors and buyers from all over the world to learn and take advantage of business opportunities in China, Shanghai's commerce commission has established exhibition and transaction platforms that would be available all year round. These platforms are aimed at providing a channel for foreign products, services and technology to enter the Chinese market. The municipality has also set up a one-stop, year-round platform that will feature import exhibits, including those from the six-day expo.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "For 10 years in a row, the Beijing Dance Festival has been one of the biggest summer celebrations of contemporary dance in the Chinese capital. Every July, it brings more than 300 dance artists, over 200 dance students and more than 5,000 audience members to Beijing. They come from cities throughout China, the rest of Asia, as well as America, Europe and Africa.  The much-anticipated 2018 edition of the dance festival will raise its curtain on July 19, running through July 31. The two-week event will begin with a dance education week from July 20 to 26, followed by a performance week from July 26 to 31. The education week features an international faculty, with dance masters from countries including China, Germany, Australia, France, Spain, Japan, Russia, the United States and Barbados. In a six-day camp, all enrolled students, professional and amateur alike, will undergo intensive, dynamic training on contemporary dance styles: from techniques and movements to choreography and artistic expressions. The performance week consists of three sections: \"Focus\" presents evening productions from rising stars in the dance scene, including those from Germany, Israel and Taiwan; \"Springboard\" showcases edgy and daring works from the world's creative minds; and \"Youth Dance Marathon\" offers an open platform to all young choreographers to display their original work. It's open to public application online, and registration will close on May 15. The core value of contemporary dance lies in individual personalities; choreography is influenced, however, by cultures in different areas of the world. This year's \"Springboard\" section will feature solos, duets, and troupes from different places to show different understandings of the world through dance. Topics will cover both issues of interest to society and relations among people. Hong Kong's City Contemporary Dance Company, for example, will tell stories of Hong Kong's rebelling triad youngster - culture, and troupes from the western Chinese cities of Yinchuan and Nanning will present choreography with local flairs.,\"Talking about modern arts [in the Chinese mainland], people often think of first-tier cities such as Beijing, Shanghai and Guangzhou, but in western parts of the country, modern arts are also developing well, although people often consider these places less-developed,\" said Willy Tsao, an organizer of the festival and artistic director with dance company BeijingDance/LDTX, at a media talk in Beijing on Wednesday. He is also a council member for the Chinese Dancers Association. A veteran choreographer and educator in contemporary dance, the Hong Kong-born artist has been dedicated to promoting modern dance in China since the 1980s. More details of the festival will be unveiled at a news conference on June 5. The Beijing Dance Festival was initiated in 2008, and co-presented by BeijingDance/LDTX - a Beijing-based independent modern dance company - and Hong Kong's City Contemporary Dance Company. It's co-organized with the Beijing Tianqiao Performing Arts Center.  The first Beijing Dance Festival invited only six dance troupes, including three foreign ones. Back then, it was a one-week event celebrated among a small group of artists. Since 2012, the festival has expanded to two weeks. Due to its growing popularity and artistic influence in the capital, it has become an annual dance extravaganza, attracting veteran and young choreographers alike, along with dancers from around the world. \"As a pioneer in contemporary dance, the Beijing Dance Festival has gone through 10 years' flourishing development. We received funds for culture and arts from the Beijing municipal government in 2017 and have since then become an official culture brand of the city,\" Tsao said. He said he hopes the festival could be developed into an international cultural phenomenon which could represent Beijing in the global arts arena.,Compared to popular mass culture, contemporary dance is a relatively unfamiliar art form which the general public may find hard to comprehend and appreciate in-depth. Tsao defines the dance form using three major features: self-expression, innovative ideas and understandings of current events in modern society. \"Contemporary dance is niche, even in New York - the birthplace of Western contemporary dance,\" said Tsao. \"But it's also an indispensable part of a diversified metropolis.\" \"If different cultures of a society form a pyramid, mass culture is at the bottom, entertaining a large number of people. Contemporary dance is part of the top area,\" he explained. To Tsao, being at the top means more freedom in art creation, and most importantly, the power to lead the development of modern arts. Over the past decade, China has seeing an increasing number of indie groups promoting contemporary dance, Tsao said. \"The market is optimistic. There is a growing number of audience members, especially in Beijing,\" he said. \"These indie groups have served as important platforms to promote the art among the public.\" Talking of the future, Tsao said he hopes Chinese contemporary dance could help change the world's understanding of China. \"I want to show the world there are various dance forms in China, not limited to classical dance, folk dance and ballet.\"", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Unfavorable meteorological conditions and more pollutants spewed from factories whose production restrictions were lifted after the heating season are to blame for the recent extended haze in the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region, experts said. Beijing issued a blue alert for air pollution on Sunday and Monday. It was the third air pollution alert for the city in about 20 days. An orange alert for air pollution was issued twice in March. Under China's four-tier alert system, red is the most severe, followed by orange, yellow and blue. Emissions of air pollutants in the region remain high, with the dominance of heavy industry and chemical manufacturing, according to the National Joint Research Center on Air Pollution Causes and Control. \"Though air pollutant emissions from heating have decreased a lot after the heating season ended in the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei cluster, many of the companies whose production was restricted have resumed normal operations, resulting in an obvious increase in air pollutants from industrial sources,\" the center concluded, based on expert analysis. Air pollution is especially severe during the heating season in the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region because of the use of coal. While the region has replaced a great deal of coal with clean energy, it also resorted to production restrictions during the season to curb emissions. In Hebei province, for example, steel factories in some cities are restricted to half capacity during the season. Additionally, the operations of all companies listed as polluting the air are also restricted or suspended during times when atmospheric conditions contribute to the accumulation of heavy pollution. The regular heating season in the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region runs from Nov 15 to March 15. This year, heating supplies were extended to March 20 for some cities because of cold weather. The statement said part of the reason for the frequent bouts of air pollution is that meteorological conditions turned unfavorable for dispersal, which is common as the season shifts to spring. One of the main reasons for the frequent smog after March is unfavorable meteorological conditions that feature a stable atmosphere and high humidity, said Ma Xuekuan, chief forecaster at the National Meteorological Center. He said the number of days with meteorological conditions that feature low wind, high humidity and temperature inversions\u00a3\u00adwhich prevent normal convective churn of the atmosphere\u00a3\u00adincreased from nine days last year to more than 20 days this year during the same period. Even as temperature inversions have made the vertical dispersal of pollutants difficult, low wind speeds have prevented horizontal dispersal, he said. Meanwhile, the high humidity in the ground layer of the atmosphere is favorable for the concentration of PM2.5. He said pollution that has blown in from nearby regions has also worsened the situation.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "  After five years' exploration and preparations, the first 10 films featuring Peking opera are premiering during the ongoing seventh annual Beijing International Film Festival. The Peking opera films are all adapted from well-known folk stories including     . \"The 10 films all represent the fine qualities and traditions of Chinese people and it is a smart way to integrate traditional opera with modern film technology,\" movie-goer Chen Yulian, 65, said at the premiere of   on April 20. Since July 2011, artists and experts from the opera and film industries have come together to promote the \"Peking Opera Film\" project. By embracing the idea of promoting positive energy and telling good stories, \"Peking Opera Film\" has been listed as one of the key national cultural projects of 2017. \"What makes the Peking opera film? It is not a mixture, but an integration. It is expected to reinterpret the old opera with the help of modern film technology,\" says Ye Saholan, renowned Chinese Peking opera artist. \"As the internet engulfs young people, many of them have no idea about what Chinese opera is. In their mind, it is a historic yet boring art form,\" a senior man worried. \"Through the project, we hope more and more people can come to the cinema and really take a look at Peking opera. By including a high-tech, modern touch, audience members can appreciate the beauty of Beijing opera while enjoying the story from their own perspective,\" Ye says. To maximize publicity, many social communities in Bejing's Chaoyang district have set regular theaters and dates for citizens to watch these films throughout the year, broadcasting over 500 times in 2017.    ", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "  After a recent online video of an MMA, or mixed martial arts, fighter taking down a tai chi master within 13 seconds went viral, netizens engaged in a fierce discussion on whether tai chi could be effective in combat at all and if it would survive more popular modern martial art forms such as kung fu. \"I will open arms to any tai chi master who dares to challenge me,\" yelled the MMA champion Xu Xiaodong after his victory. His rant added fuel to online fire of tai chi's critics who believe MMA, boxing, kung fu and muay thai are far ahead as combat sports. But some experts say that is just one way of looking at the issue. \"Tai chi has many varieties and what people are practising nowadays is an exercise to improve mental health,\" said Liu Haoming, owner of San Feng Tai Chi Club, a Beijing-based school. Jack Ma, founder of e-commerce giant Alibaba Group and one of the richest persons in China, backs tai chi. \"It is not for combat, but MMA is. For combat, MMA indeed is faster and more efficient, but tai chi is not only about skills, it's also about its inherent philosophy.\" In the face of mounting competition from alternative mind-body disciplines, tai chi is passing through what can be called both the best age and the worst phase, said Liu. \"With the country backing traditional martial arts, tai chi has the potential to shine. Also, more foreigners have been visiting Beijing since 2008 to learn tai chi, which helps popularize the gem of our culture around the world.\" Liu said he has been teaching tai chi to foreigners since 2008, and many of his students are serious about mastering it as they are aware it can calm their mind as well as provide a good workout. \"However, tai chi requires some exclusive time and an open space with clean air. Urban people usually don't have much patience or time to practise tai chi.\" Yet, some martial art masters believe tai chi, being a window on Chinese culture, will have a bright future ahead. \"I believe not only China but the world will gradually appreciate the beauty of tai chi,\" said Zhang Yujun, founder of Fenghuang Taiji Academy, a non-profit tai chi school. \"Tai chi teachers will have a bigger market as the martial art can help urban workers to relax.\"", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "The 2018 Beijing Tianqiao Musical Awards ceremony was held at Beijing Tianqiao Performing Arts Center on Dec 27, with over 10 musicals honored through awards in three major categories. The Best Musical Award was presented to the shows      and . Three performers -- Yang Zhuqing in  Tian Yifan in and Li Xiang in   -- won the Best Performing Award, dazzling musical aficionados with their skilled renditions. Additionally, the production teams of seven musicals received the Best Production Award. Leaders from the China Musical Association and Beijing Tianqiao Performing Arts Alliance expressed their heartfelt congratulations to the winners and sincere thanks to the organizer Beijing Tianqiao Performing Arts Center. \"Thanks to the more than two months of fantastic shows staged during the third Beijing Tianqiao musical performance season, we have witnessed the emergence of more outstanding original musical works in China,\" said Yang Xiulan, vice-president of Beijing Tianqiao Performing Arts Alliance. \"And the success of these shows has benefited from our country's increased support and attention to the domestic musical industry, as well as growing interest from the general public,\" Yang added. The Beijing Tianqiao Musical Performance Season represents one of the most influential musical events across the nation, and is held every two years. Twelve brilliant musicals, 34 amazing shows and 40,000 audience members constitute the latest musical season, which ran from October to December last year. The season offered a visual feast through a wide variety of genres, such as traditional culture, world classics, popular culture, ethnic customs, love and affection, and technology and fantasy. Launched in 2014, the musical award sets out to celebrate China's original musical productions and to introduce world classics to China at the same time.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Air China has launched direct flights between Beijing and Hanoi, the Vietnamese capital, with two new services to follow, as the nation's flag carrier looks to boost air links between China and countries involved in the Belt and Road Initiative. The Hanoi route opened on Friday, and next month services will be launched between Chengdu, the capital of Sichuan province, and London; and between Beijing and the Russian city of Irkutsk via Hulunbuir Hailar Airport in the Inner Mongolia autonomous region, the company said. The airline had previously launched three other international flights this year linking China and countries involved in the Belt and Road Initiative: Hangzhou to Nha Trang, Vietnam; Chengdu to Bangkok, Thailand; and Beijing to Copenhagen, Denmark. \"The Belt and Road Initiative has provided opportunities and is a main driving force for Air China to build and expand our global air network,\" said Luo Yong, managing director of the carrier's marketing department. As of last month, Air China had 29 air routes linking China and Europe, providing 296 services a week. The number of routes has increased by 50 percent and the number of weekly flights has grown by 80 percent compared with five years ago, when the initiative was first proposed by President Xi Jinping. With the addition of the Beijing-Hanoi route, Air China now has 30 routes connecting China and the Asia-Pacific region, providing 352 services a week. \"The network covers 19 countries involved in the initiative and has had a positive impact on local communities,\" Luo said. One Air China employee who has noticed growth is Hu Haitao, who used to work in the airline's Bangkok office. \"In 2012, the airline had only one route in Thailand, providing one or two services daily. But in 2018, we now offer 12 routes, providing 14 services every day,\" said Hu, now deputy head of Air China's office in Islamabad, capital of Pakistan. He said more services bring additional tourists and business opportunities. The expanding network has also given local people employment opportunities. Stanislaw Volker, from Duesseldorf, Germany, has been working for Air China since 2011. He started out as a sales representative and is now the key account supervisor in the airline's Duesseldorf office, serving VIP clients. \"The company is a great platform, allowing me to find and improve myself,\" said Volker, 34. \"More Germans understand the company and China through me.\" Volker, a fan and keen practitioner of Chinese comedic cross-talk, learned the language at university in Germany. Wang Xiangqing, deputy senior manager of Air China's cabin services department, said opening new routes meant serving a wider range of passengers properly, such as providing food and wine with a mixture of Chinese and local flavors on flights to certain destinations.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "State-owned auto groups in China used to sit back and collect the easy money from joint-venture brands, but as domestic demand for auto products diversified and their ambitions grew, international markets, internet-connected and new energy vehicles have become greener pastures. Among them, Beijing Automotive Industry Corp, one of China's five major automakers by sales revenue, plans to deploy more resources into the research and development of electrification, artificial intelligence, the internet of things and the sharing economy to further compete with other established rivals both at home and abroad. Many opportunities have been generated by China's reform and opening-up policy, industrial and consumption upgrading, favorable policies to improve environment via new energy vehicles, as well as the tangible development of the Belt and Road Initiative and the comprehensive trade platform of the China International Import Expo, said Xu Heyi, chairman of BAIC. With this year marking the 40th anniversary of reform and opening-up, Xu said the auto manufacturing business in the nation has already become an industry that needs cross-sector collaboration to integrate technologies and expertise from various segments such as energy, electronics, software, internet, new materials, finance, customer and legal services to remain competitive. \"We will add investment to further digitalize our entire value chain from product design to research and development, logistics, production, quality and financial services in both our domestic and overseas manufacturing facilities. All the steps have to be digitally synchronized to ensure efficient execution and complete alignment with the customers' needs,\" he said. As China's commitments to the World Trade Organization have further opened the country's automotive sector including cutting tariffs, liberalizing joint-venture stocks and gradually removing subsidies from certain types of vehicles, Xu stressed, manufacturers in China must face this reality and take effective measures to seek new growth points through innovation and new business models. Even though China manufactured and sold some 29 million vehicles in 2017, its auto plants had a combined annual capacity of about 64 million units, data from Beijing-based China Association of Automobile Manufacturers show. Xu said most of this redundant capacity comes from Chinese brands and is partly the result of certain carmakers taking advantage of local governments' interest in the industry following China becoming the world's largest vehicle market in 2009. He urged Chinese automotive brands to solve their problems quickly as they would face greater pressure when the sector opens up more to the global players. China has already slashed tariffs on imported vehicles from 25 percent to 15 percent and Xu expects the government to further cut this figure in the coming years. The country is also phasing out limits on foreign ownership in automotive joint ventures by 2022. \"Apparently, time is running out, and everybody is aware what a challenging position domestic automakers will be in, in terms of quality, branding, technology accumulation and other factors,\" Xu said. Despite significant progress in recent years, Chinese brands are still considered underdogs in the domestic market. Their sales of passenger vehicle totaled 7.24 million in the first three quarters of this year, accounting for 42.3 percent of the country's total amount in this kind, dropping 0.9 percent year-on-year, according to the China Association of Automobile Manufacturers. To meet the increasingly personalized needs of customers, BAIC will continue to add a flexible production model that combines people, machines and production processes in its business scale, allowing the automaker to produce sedans and sports utility vehicles on the same production line, even in both pure electric and traditional combustion engine configuration in the future. BAIC has been investing handsomely in new energy vehicles to offset rising competition from companies in Germany, the United States and Japan. It will collaborate with new partners in vehicle and component manufacturing, as well as in various parts of the new energy vehicle industry. The company's own brand sales of such vehicles doubled to 103,000 in 2017. Deliveries of its new energy models also soared by 78.5 percent to 54,000 vehicles between January and June of this year. The Beijing-based CAAM predicted that the number of new energy vehicles will reach 5 million in the country by 2020. Eager to enhance its earning ability, the group will provide more pure battery-powered cars under its new premium brand - Arcfox, in late 2019 or early 2020. The first model will feature a steel and aluminum body to reduce the weight while also strengthening driving safety. BAIC has also partnered with Canadian automotive supplier Magna International Inc to jointly develop a high-end smart electric vehicle, and Arcfox-branded vehicles in Zhenjiang, East China's Jiangsu province. Magna is one of the world's largest automotive suppliers, having 340 manufacturing operations and 93 product development, engineering and sales centers in 28 countries and regions. In addition to manufacturing new energy vehicles, BAIC is also focusing on improving off-road vehicle offerings because customers today have higher demands for their SUVs' functionality. The company found many consumers in China love road travel and believe \"bigger is better\" while choosing family vehicles. Therefore SUVs have become a hot option in meeting their demand. Statistics from the China Tourism Academy showed that the Chinese people made 223 million self-driving trips in the first half of 2017, with the average distance of 142.8 kilometers. Of the drivers, more than 80 percent were aged between 31 and 35. The academy said these people are mainly middle and high-income earners and they are more interested in vehicle functions and travel experiences, rather than destinations. After 60 years of development, BAIC currently employs over 130,000 staff worldwide and has built more than 20 plants, and research and development centers in South Africa, Mexico, India, Japan, the Netherlands, Spain, Germany, Italy and the US. It sold 2.51 million vehicles globally in 2017, netting 470.3 billion yuan ($68.9 billion) in revenue. The group has subsidiary joint-venture companies including BAIC Hyundai Motor Co and Beijing Benz Automotive Co. \"The auto market is usually seen as a barometer of the macroeconomy, as it reflects the scale of GDP, consumption power, regional trade and the development of industrialization, as well as infrastructure development,\" said Li Guanghui, vice-president of the Chinese Academy of International Trade and Economic Cooperation in Beijing.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "A series of celebrations of the literary world between China and the European Union kicked off in Beijing last week, and will continue with 90 literary talks and workshops scheduled to take place through June 5 in four bookstores. During the fourth China-EU International Literary Festival, 28 European writers, scholars and illustrators, as well as 21 of their Chinese counterparts, are taking part in the festival's events under four themes: The Amazing Modern Female, What European and Chinese Writers Are Concerned About, Close Encounters With Top European Illustrators, and Fantasy Stories From the West. Nicolas Chapuis, the EU ambassador to China, said: \"Our festival opens a space for dialogue. European authors will be able to engage with Chinese counterparts to promote exchanges between our cultures and look for fresh artistic inspiration.\" Chapuis also said that the EU is one of the major markets for Chinese culture, and more Europeans are appreciating Chinese writing and culture. Hungarian writer and TV host Zsolna Ugron said her affection for Chinese literature goes back to centuries-old classics, such as The Dream of the Red Chamber. She even fell for Chinese historical television dramas during her stay in Hong Kong years ago. She created a Chinese female character in her own historical novel, where the girl rises to become a member of the Hungarian royal house. \"I hope this time I can get the chance to know more about Chinese contemporary literature,\" she said. Together with her are Croatian sculptor and illustrator Svjetlan Junakovic, Danish writer Leonora Christina Skov, Latvian writer Zane Zusta, Greek writer Kostas Haralas, Slovenian writer Peter Svetina, and Dutch writer of nonfiction poetic children's stories Bibi Dumon Tak. Spanish graphic novelist Quanzhou Wu is known for her book Sweet and Sour Gazpacho, which tells the story of her parents' immigration. She aims to promote a better understanding of Chinese culture and immigrant life in Spain.,The event has also drawn Chinese veteran writers Su Tong, Li Er and Xi Chuan, as well as younger writers, including Xu Zechen, Di An and A Yi. Li Er has just released a novel about the lives and careers of intellectuals in contemporary China. Li said European literature has deeply influenced Chinese modern and contemporary writing. \"Chinese literature places a special emphasis on reality. \u00a1\u00ad But facing the rapid transformations, writers are working to reflect and record the reality with their words from different angles and with different methods,\" Li said. \"As a result, their new works will be interesting to European readers.\" The previous editions of the festival were held in November 2017, May 2018 and November 2018, involving 160 writers and spanning several Chinese cities. This edition is jointly organized by Experience Europe, Beijing Reading Festival and China Citic Press. Upcoming highlights of the festival include the following events, which can also be viewed live online: June 1 11:00 - 12:00 A Story of a Spanish-born Chinese Woman Quanzhou Wu Citic Bookstore at the Place, Beijing June 1 17:00 - 18:30 The Art of World Building \u00a8C How Sci-fi Writers Create and Inhabit their Realms Li Hongwei and Rafat Kosig The Bookworm Beijing June 1 17:00 - 18:30 Art Makes the World Go Round Hei Mi, Max Ducos, Piret Raud Qihao/Genesis Citic Bookstore at Xin Yuan Nan Lu", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "China will launch a regional campaign to help the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region and neighboring provinces control air pollution this autumn and winter, with more effort placed on regulating government officials and companies that pollute. The Ministry of Environmental Protection has drawn up a series of plans for the regional campaign, which will start soon, Liu Youbin, a senior official from the ministry's publicity department, said on Tuesday. In addition to the general action plan for the campaign, officials will keep track of every issue reported and how it was resolved, Liu said. Another six supportive documents were prepared with detailed stipulations on the key regions and industries, as well as to ensure the timely disclosure of problems to the public. Those documents also list punishments that irresponsible government officials can expect during the campaign, he said, responding to reports that some disclosed pollution issues were not resolved. \"In the coming campaign, the ministry and involved governments will take efforts to keep the polluting companies from resuming production or will relocate them to other areas\u00a3\u00adand then fully implement the control measures,\" he said. The Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region, prone to suffer through severe smog in the autumn and winter months, faces a large risk of air pollution returning in the coming months, the ministry said on Sunday. This past January and February, the concentration of PM2.5\u00a3\u00adhazardous fine particulate matter with diameter less than 2.5 microns\u00a3\u00adsoared due to the severe air pollution in the region. This was caused by a confluence of several factors, including windless weather, active production, coal consumption for heating and vehicle exhaust, Liu said. The ministry's data showed that in the first seven months, the region's PM2.5 average concentration increased by 11.3 percent year-on-year. The average PM2.5 concentration in the region should by the end of this year be cut by 25 percent from the 2012 level. Beijing needs to lower its PM2.5 level to 60 micrograms per cubic meter, as the central government required in 2013. The capital saw the average PM2.5 level fall to 52 in July, but in January it was as high as 116, a year-on-year increase of 70.6 percent. To tackle the air pollution, the ministry has conducted a yearlong inspection of 28 major cities in the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region and the neighboring provinces of Shandong, Shanxi and Henan, which began in April. The latest data from the ministry showed that through Aug 20, inspectors have checked 40,925 companies, of which 55 percent, or 22,620, were found with various pollution problems, such as discharging pollutants excessively or not installing emission-reduction equipment. \"Besides, these cities have found over 170,000 small and polluting companies, which should be shut down or improve their pollution reduction facilities,\" said Bie Tao, head of the policy and laws department of the ministry, on Tuesday.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "A party was held on Maizidian Street in Beijing\u00a1\u00afs Chaoyang district on Feb 2, gathering locals, foreign media and expatriate workers to enjoy the magic that is Chinese New Year. More than 200 people took part the activity, among which were local and foreign students from the Zaoying campus of Beijing No 80 High School, the Canadian International School of Beijing, and Beanstalk International Bilingual School in Chaoyang district, as well as the students' parents. Foreign media from Ta Kung Pao newspaper in Hong Kong and Il Sole 24 Ore, an Italian daily business newspaper, also attended the event. The community party was organized by the News Office of the Beijing Municipal Government, Maizidian Street and the National and Religious Office in the People's Government of Chaoyang and the district\u00a1\u00afs publicity department. It was the 14th year that the event has taken place on Maizidian Street, and it was warmly welcomed by all guests who enjoyed taking part in the special Spring Festival activities.,Holding the celebration here helps to build a cultural brand for Chinese New Year and share traditional Chinese culture, said a spokesman for Maizidian Street. Chinese and foreign media and the families not only enjoyed the traditional Chinese culture, but also made dumplings, visited a temple, watched sugar-figure blowing art performances and took part in paper-cutting activities. There was also an exhibition area showcasing intangible cultural heritage projects in this year, such as colored-lantern making, also named Deng Cai. Residents and reporters learned about the production process with an inheritor of the intangible cultural heritage. \"These exquisite artworks perfectly feature Chinese characteristics,\u00a1\u00b1 said one reporter, \u00a1\u00b0I have just experienced making them with the help of the masters. I wish you a happy Chinese New Year!\u00a1\u00b1", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "A surge of internet attacks across the world has highlighted the role of cybersecurity.  In May, the Wannacry ransomware virus reportedly affected hundreds of thousands of computers in more than 150 countries and regions including China.  The bug wreaked havoc in around 30,000 institutions, such as universities, hospitals and research centers, as well as gas stations.  With threats like this on the horizon, Zhang Jian, deputy secretary-general of the Cybersecurity Association of China, has warned of the online risks.  He stressed that personal computers, or PCs, and mobile operating systems on smartphones were vulnerable to cyberattacks via remote access to devices.  This in turn would put at risk not only personal details but reams of company data.  \"A great deal of people use smartphones as electronic wallets to pay for commodities and services,\" Zhang said.  \"Open interfaces make the smartphone a leading target for hackers to obtain access to both payment transfer details and users' personal information,\" he added.  Zhang also called for increased vigilance and preparation by government departments and business enterprises, as well as individual internet users.  A better reaction mechanism was needed to contain an online virus, he pointed out.  Earlier this year, China released an emergency response plan for cybersecurity incidents to prevent and reduce the damage of an attack on public services and national security.  The new plan divides cybersecurity incidents into six categories, including pernicious procedural incidents, cyberattacks and information security incidents.  It also defines four-levels of security warning and response systems, according to different threat conditions from \"general\" to \"extremely serious\".  Getting to grips with the problem will be crucial as other countries around the world have found out to their cost.  Li Tiejun, a security engineer at Cheetah Mobile Inc in Beijing, felt awareness of cybersecurity was still vague compared with mature markets in Europe and the United States.  \"With the boom in smartphone users, viruses, worms and cyber criminals are now targeting mobiles, which put users at the forefront of cybersecurity,\" Li said.  A report published in May by the Internet Society of China and the National Network Emergence Response Technical Team-Coordination Center, showed that more than 2 million mobile internet malicious programs were detected last year. Nearly 99.9 percent were targeting the Android system. ", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "The Chinese population is becoming more scientifically literate, with more people from less developed regions able to understand and use science to solve issues in life and at work, officials said on Tuesday. About 8.5 percent of China's population is now considered scientifically literate, a 2.3 percentage point increase in the last three years, according to the 10th national survey on scientific literacy by the China Research Institute of Science Popularization. The results of the survey were published on Tuesday during the three-day World Conference on Science Literacy in Beijing, which began on Monday. Shanghai, Beijing and Tianjin are ranked as the top three cities, with the ratio of residents who are scientifically literate scoring 21.9, 21.5 and 14.1 percent respectively, the latest survey found. Scientific literacy has been improving across China. The eastern parts of the country have the highest ratio of scientific literacy, reaching 10.8 percent in 2018, a 2.8-point increase over 2015. The relatively less-developed central and western parts of the country are also catching up. Central regions grew from 5.5 percent in 2015 to 8 percent in 2018. The western regions grew from 4.3 percent in 2015 to 6.5 percent in 2018. Seven provinces - Jiangsu, Zhejiang, Guangdong, Shandong, Fujian, Hubei and Liaoning - surpassed the national average. The 10th national survey, conducted from April to June, involved more than 60,000 people aged 18 to 69 across all 31 provincial-level regions of the Chinese mainland, said Chen Gang, executive secretary of the China Association for Science and Technology. The survey evaluated the respondents' understanding of scientific principles, sought their opinions on key science issues and assessed their ability to use science to make decisions and solve problems, he said. Gauhar Raza, former chief scientist at India's National Institute of Science, Technology and Development Studies, said China has made remarkable achievements in promoting scientific literacy - an effort that gained momentum about two decades ago. The Chinese government has been \"consistent in its commitment\" to the support of scientific literacy through policies and the legal framework, he said. In 2002, China created laws dedicated to promoting scientific literacy. Four years later, the State Council issued a document aimed at improving Chinese citizens' scientific literacy for the next 15 years, cementing the popularization of science as a national policy. The document said China would aim to have 10 percent of its population become scientifically literate by 2020. However, experts said there are still substantial gaps between China and developed countries. The inequality in scientific literacy between China's urban and rural population, male and female demographics, and the unbalanced access to quality education, are still major obstacles that need to be overcome to transform China into an innovation-oriented country, they added. Shanghai and Beijing's ratios of scientifically literate population, while among the highest in China in 2018, are still behind the 24.5 percent scientific literacy rate that the United States had in 2004. A survey by EKOS Research Associates in 2013 found that Canada ranked first in scientific literacy, with 42 percent of Canadians able to read and understand newspaper articles detailing scientific findings. The survey also found 11.1 percent of Chinese males are scientifically literate, while 6.2 percent of females are. Urban populations are also much more scientifically literate than rural residents, 11.6 percent to 5 percent. \"China and India both have enormous populations, and government and media need to realize that we cannot turn everyone into a scientist,\" said Raza. Instead, science education should aim to make citizens \"science-tempered\", granting them the vision and knowledge to help build a scientific civilization, he said. Ren Dingcheng, former executive dean of the School of Humanities at the University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, said the key to improving scientific literacy in China is to improve science curricula across all ages and have capable teachers.", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "Miyun reservoir, Beijing's major water storage site, has completed construction of a 400-kilometer protective fence around the area. Regulations forbid visitors from entering the reservoir area\u00a3\u00adlocated about 120 km northeast of the city center\u00a3\u00adand no fishing or recreational uses are allowed. Still, many people continue to enter the area secretly to swim, enjoy the view or fish. To ensure the water's quality and protect the environment, the government created a conservation zone in 2016 and began building a chain-link fence around it. \"The fence project is complete, and the daily operation department will now take over,\" said Zhang Hua, an official in Miyun's water bureau. He said the bureau is working on developing a video monitoring system to strengthen reservoir management. Meanwhile, the authority formed a water protection team of 1,200 staff members to guard the reservoir. There are also people working at the 230 entrances and exits in the area 24 hours a day to prevent intrusions. Miyun reservoir, with a surface area of 180 square kilometers and a capacity of 4 billion cubic meters, was built in 1960. It's the largest artificial lake in Asia. A road 110 km long around the lake is one of the most popular scenic spots in suburban Beijing. On Nov 19, water volume in the reservoir reached 2 billion cubic meters, the highest level this century. Zheng Huaijiang, a resident of Xiwengzhuang county, said he moved out of his hometown with other villagers in 1958 to make way for the reservoir. In 1994, they gave up fish farming with the aim of protecting the ecology. \"I'm happy to see the reservoir reach 2 billion cubic meters,\" Zheng said. \"Our village has sacrificed several times for the reservoir, but we don't have any complaints.\" With spring having arrived, many migratory birds are coming to the area. Zhang Xiaozheng, deputy chief of the reservoir protection team, has been working at the reservoir for 20 years. The number and types of migratory birds have increased in recent years, which means that the natural environment and the water quality are improving, he said.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "The Forum on China-Africa Cooperation is an important mechanism and the Beijing summit will promote China-Africa ties to a new high, the Cape Verde Foreign Minister Luis Filipe Tavares said Thursday in Beijing. The upcoming summit will further promote the integration of China's Belt and Road Initiative with the African Union's Agenda 2063 to enhance mutual benefits, Tavares told China Daily. The minister noted that the Prime Minister of Cape Verde Ulisses Correia e Silva will attend the summit, which will be held in September. \"Africa and China are good friends and sincere partners with a long history of cooperation and mutual support,\" he said, adding that Africa offers huge investment opportunities for Chinese companies and there is vast potential in economic and trade cooperation between the two sides. China and Cape Verde established diplomatic ties in 1976, and Cape Verde has proven to be \"a faithful friend\" of China, Tavares said. China has funded public buildings, such as the presidential and governmental palaces, in the country. \"Chinese investment in key economic sectors, such as infrastructure, industries and tourism, is welcomed as it can promote economic growth,\" he said. Cape Verde has a geostrategic position in the Atlantic Ocean and it might prove to be of great significance in deepening cooperation in the Belt and Road Initiative, he said. Foreign Minister Wang Yi paid a visit to Cape Verde in May. During a meeting with Cape Verde President Jorge Fonseca, Wang said that the two countries are working to push forward cooperation in the fields of infrastructure, marine economy, the development of special economic zones, tourism, renewable energy and human resource development.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Beijing has moved out 1,307 manufacturing companies over the past two years and introduced more high-tech, culture and information technology industries in order to better improve the capital city's core functions, an official said on Tuesday. Li Sufang, deputy head of the Beijing Development and Reform Commission, said the city has been working on moving out low-efficiency industries and making better use of the space for new industries. The city moved out 500 wholesale markets and logistics centers last year, freeing up \"precious\" space for new industries. Companies in the technology service, culture, sports and software industries account for 50 percent of new companies in 2018, up from 25 percent in 2017. Among them, there were more than 70,000 companies in the information service and science and technology industries, 40 percent of total new companies in 2018, according to the commission.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "People who fail to meet their obligations will not be allowed to check into starred hotels or enjoy high-end tourism products once they are recorded on the Credit Beijing blacklist, the first of its kind on credit in tourism put into use in Beijing on Tuesday. Beijing Youth Daily reported that defaulters were not only limited to tourism, such as tourists and tour guides, but also included dishonest people in other sectors, such as finance. The platform, which started construction on March 30, 2017, has so far collected and stored 170 million entries of credit information concerning 44,690 tour guides, 2,672 travel agencies, 281 key tourist attractions and 559 starred hotels in Beijing, with a plan to create a comprehensive credit archive of tour guides and tourism-related businesses. Further linked to other public and enterprise information platforms in Beijing, Credit Beijing can share credit information, issue notices and warnings, allow the filing of tour complaints and more. \"Tourists may research the credit records of tour guides and businesses via the official website, Wechat account and app to know their economic and social reputations and identify the unscrupulous ones,\" an official from the Beijing Tourism Association said. \"People who have failed to fulfill court orders will be banned from starred hotels and expensive shopping tours. Stricter scrutiny will be imposed on defaulters who apply for travel agency licenses or tour guide certificates,\" the official said. \"The practice will play a positive role in building a healthy business ecosystem, safeguarding the legitimate interests of tourists and further regulating the market order,\" he added. Besides tougher regulations on those working in tourism, the uncivilized behavior of tourists will also be recorded in the platform and posted online. The credit information platform in Beijing will expand to cover Tianjin and Hebei province in the future, as a joint memorandum of understanding to build an integrated travel credit system was signed on Tuesday.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "  Maksim Mrvica, a Croatian pianist has just premiered two singles in Beijing, New Silk Road and China Rhapsody  In 2001, Maksim Mrvica, a Croatian-born classical pianist studying in Paris, gained fame as a promising young musician after winning piano competitions in Europe. After watching his performance on TV that year, Tonci Huljic, a Croatian songwriter and producer, approached Mrvica and introduced him to Mel Bush, a concert promoter and music manager, who put on concerts for artists like Led Zeppelin, David Bowie, and Elton John.  At that time, Bush was looking for a classical pianist and hoping to break into the classical crossover market. On meeting Maksim, Bush was impressed by both his rock star image - tattoos, chic hairstyle - and solid piano playing technique.      Bush signed Mrvica on the spot after hearing him play just one piece.  Nearly two decades later, Mrvica, with 11 crossover albums since 2003, has grown into one of the top selling crossover pianists in the world.  His albums, including the hit one, Croatian Rhapsody, in 2015, have sold more than 4 million copies in 57 countries.  Meanwhile, the pianist has just premiered two singles in Beijing, New Silk Road and China Rhapsody, both written by Huljic.  To support of these releases, Mrvica will kick off a tour in China - his biggest one in the country - by visiting 34 cities, including Beijing, Nanjing, Hangzhou and Shenzhen.  \"I've performed over 100 shows in China and I want to give something back to my fans here. The two songs are inspired by China, especially Chinese culture,\" the pianist says in Beijing. Mrvica first came to China in 2008 to record a piece, Olympic Dream, for the Olympic Games in Beijing.  Since then, the pianist has toured China every year and has built a large fan base.  In 2016, he has visited 26 Chinese cities, playing his signature pieces, including an energetic version of Rimsky-Korsakov's Flight of the Bumblebee.  As for the two new songs, the New Silk Road, was recorded in Budapest along with more than 60 musicians from the Budapest Symphony Orchestra.  For the six-minute song, the composer, Huljic, combined music elements from China, Russia, India and Central Europe, including the sounds of Chinese instruments - the erhu and bamboo flute.  Speaking about his work, Huljic says: \"As composer, I collect music elements from all over the world. And I am very interested in Chinese music, especially ethnic music.  \"This is my first time in China and before composing these two songs, I asked myself 'How can I describe China in a few words?' Then I chose the words like 'great', 'wisdom' and 'humanity'. I put these words into music.\"  Speaking about the songs, Huljic says that while New Silk Road is a grand and dazzling piece for piano and orchestra, China Rhapsody is just for piano.  \"China Rhapsody is much simpler technically. There are many kids in China learning piano and this piece is material for them to practice,\" he says.  Huljic also says that this year marks the 25th anniversary of diplomatic relations between China and Croatia and he dedicates these two pieces to the two countries.  Giving details about his tour, Mrvica says that he will divide his upcoming visit China in 2018 into two seasons - spring and autumn.  \"The number of the cities (for the tour) is still growing, so I can take a short break between these two parts.  \"It (the tour) can be very exhausting. So, I usually stop playing the piano for a while after each segment so that I can recharge myself.\"  Mrvica, 42, who was born in Sibenik, Croatia, started piano lessons at the age of 9 and by the age of 11, he had held his first concert as a soloist with an orchestra.  It was not easy for him to become a concert pianist, especially when, at the age of 15, war broke out in Croatia.  But he continued to practice his piano in the basement of his music school.  By that time he had won the first prize in a national competition in Zagreb.  Later on, he won the first prize at the Rubinstein Piano Competition in Paris and the first prize at the Pontoise Competition in France.  He then went on to study at the Music Academy in Zagreb before he spent a year at the Franz Liszt Conservatoire in Budapest.  His debut album, Gestures, was released in 1999.  The album, featuring works by contemporary Croatian composers, became one of the fastest-selling classical recordings released in Croatia.  Speaking about his musical journey, Mrvica says: \"No one in my family is a musician. So, when I told my parents that I wanted to become a pianist, they were very surprised.\"  The pianist is recording a new album in London and Budapest, and it is scheduled to be released in January.  The two new pieces, New Silk Road and China Rhapsody, will be in the album, and for the first time, he will integrate pop music into his work.  \"In the new album, audiences will find familiar pop songs from Coldplay, John Legend and music from the popular TV drama, Game of Thrones. It's a challenge to adapt pop music into classical music but I like it,\" he says.  chennan@chinadaily.com.cn    (China Daily 10/28/2017 page19)", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Beijing will highlight athletes' experience and sustainability as priorities in its preparation for the 2022 Winter Olympics, said Yang Yang, a top political advisor and member of the Beijing 2022 Winter Olympics organizing committee. Beijing will honor its promise made in the candidature phase to host athlete-centered Winter Olympic Games in 2022 by providing welcoming services for athletes and striving for their best benefit during the Games, said Yang, a member of the 13th National Committee of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference, from the sideline of the meeting's opening session on Saturday. \"To meet the demands of participating athletes plays a big part in the success of hosting the Olympics. We hope to turn every athlete into our promoter in 2022 by providing them the best services as we can,\" said Yang, the chairwoman of the Athletes' Commission of Beijing 2022 and a former International Olympic Committee member. To better guide its preparation toward the athletes' needs, the Beijing 2022 organizing committee established an athletes' commission consisting of 21 members in November. Yang said the commission will get involved in every aspect of organizational work, including accommodation, catering, transport and venue operation. To guarantee enough tickets for every athlete's family so they can cheer for their loved ones on site is one of the key services the commission is trying to provide, said Yang. Meanwhile, Beijing 2022 also attaches great importance in the post-Olympics operation of legacies in facilities and expertise, Yang added. \"As long as our national strategy to involve 300 million people in winter sports rolls out successfully, we don't need to worry about the use of abundant winter sports infrastructures after the Games,\" she said. To make sure Chinese athletes' performances are as successful as the organizational work, the country's winter sports governing body has been pulling out all the stops to build teams in winter sports that they've never participated in, expand its prowess to once-niche events and strengthen its dominance in traditional strong events. The aim is that Chinese athletes will compete in all 102 events at the 2022 Winter Olympics, Yang said.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "  A vast array of online literary genres has revolutionized the entertainment industry in China and triggered a new wave of TV dramas, movies, animations and gaming titles. Stories and plots from aspiring authors are now read by millions of internet readers across the country before being turned into films, television series or cartoons. Smash-hit dramas such as Nothing Gold Can Stay and Ten Miles of Peach Blossoms were spectacular adaptations from popular online stories, highlighting this booming new business. \"Online literature will become the mainstream in the future,\" said Dong Qianqiu, general manager of the literary division at iQiyi.com, at an entertainment conference earlier this year. A report released by the China Internet Network Information Center, or CNNIC, showed a growing number of people are reading e-books on mobile devices rather than PCs. About 353 million Chinese users are hooked on online stories, with 327 million reading e-books on smartphones. Figures from the CNNIC have backed up this internet boom. Among the 751 million netizens, 96.3 percent were mobile phone users, providing a massive base for the online book business. As for age groups, millennials have become big fans of online literary works and the spinoff movies, TV series and games. High-definition smartphones, and innovative mobile internet technology and software have made on-screen reading and video-watching cool again. So cool, in fact, that consumers are willing to pay for it.,  \"Before, the majority of internet users preferred to pay for real items,\" said Xue Yongfeng, an analyst at internet consultancy Analysys in Beijing. \"But with an increase in average incomes, more Chinese are willing to pay for content, such as reading online novels, watching online videos or listening to online music,\" he added. Naturally, this has attracted the attention of the three major internet players, Baidu Inc, Alibaba Group Holding Ltd and Tencent Holdings Ltd, or BAT. The trio have invested heavily in entertainment, betting big on China's booming markets. Already e-commerce giant Tencent has spun off its online literary arm, China Literature Ltd. It listed the e-book publisher on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange in November, with its share price jumping more than 86 percent to HK$102($13) on its debut. This was the largest global first-day gain for an initial public offering this year. \"Supported by the mobile internet and a number of digital technologies, reading is no longer confined by the limits of time and space,\" said Zhu Jing, vice-president of e-book publisher China Literature. \"We are now entering a brand new age that embraces the online reading trend.\" Founded in 2015, the online publishing subsidiary has 6.4 million writers on its books and 9.6 million literary works by the end of June. China Literature also has 191.8 million monthly active users across its platforms and channels. Last year, the company announced that revenue reached 2.6 billion yuan ($378 million), up 59.1 percent from the previous year. It also saw a significant jump in gross profit to 1.1 billion yuan during the same period, an 81.7 percent year-on-year increase. \"We are building an international open platform aimed at offering better user experiences as we seek new momentum in key markets,\" Zhu said.,  China Literature's open platform enables developers to include its content on their apps, which will create new revenue streams. So far, it has partnerships with nearly 50 e-book platforms, including Baidu and JD.com. The company has also launched a multi-language site to translate some of the most successful online novels in China for overseas readers. It aims to take its multibillion-yuan business globally. As the online entertainment ecosystem continues to mature, there are huge possibilities out there in cyberspace. During the past two years, China Literature has sold the rights of authorized online novels to companies that are part of its 100-strong client base. Many have been made into movies, TV dramas and online games. This synergy across different entertaining platforms has prompted Baidu and Alibaba to expand into the online literary business, as they try to catch up with rival Tencent. The plan is to share online content and develop quality IPs or copyrighted material. \"The internet not only works simply as a medium but also appears fashionable and trendy,\" said Dong of the literary division at iQiyi. \"With more than 300 million users who love reading digital literature, the market is worth 10 billion yuan in China and will boost more pan-entertainment industries,\" Dong added.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "An additional 30,000 preschool places will be added in Beijing to meet the rising demand, while supervision of kindergarten management will be improved to provide a safer environment for pupils, acting Mayor Chen Jining said on Wednesday. He disclosed the plan while delivering the Government Work Report at the opening ceremony of the first session of the 15th Beijing People's Congress. Chen said the city government will build more kindergartens with qualified facilities, reasonable tuition fees and extensive enrollment. \"The responsibilities of kindergarten operators should be strengthened, while the government must steer preschool education,\" he said. \"Meanwhile, parents will be encouraged to play a bigger part in the management of kindergartens,\" he added. Preschool education has been a hot issue across the city, while management and safety of the industry aroused public attention when a teacher at a RYB Education kindergarten in Chaoyang district was detained on suspicion of child abuse in November. After that incident, Beijing launched safety inspections of all kindergartens, and the Ministry of Education said it would push for legislation on preschool education to provide legal guarantees for the operation and management of such institutions. The shortage of teachers is another headache for the government and kindergartens. The government will boost the number of qualified teachers by adding 2,350 places at normal schools in 2018, and it plans to maintain that level for the next five years, according to the Beijing Education Commission. Li Xuewei, president of Beijing Union University and a member of the Beijing Committee of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference, said his college will accelerate the education of preschool teachers. \"We enrolled 400 additional students with preschool education majors this year,\" he said. Zhu Min, another member of the committee who runs a kindergarten in Beijing, said the authority should consider giving subsidies to teachers at private kindergartens to boost their salaries. Xu Zewei, a deputy to the people's congress, applauded the move, saying he has kept his eye on kindergarten management for a long time. \"Authorities need to clarify the responsibilities and duties of teachers and principals to avoid passing the buck when accidents happen,\" he said. He agreed to establish parent committees or select parent representatives to supervise the daily operation of kindergartens, saying it will be better for children's growth. Contact the writers at caoyin@chinadaily.com.cn ", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "  China's bike-sharing craze is causing parking chaos, traffic congestion and is a safety hazard. Bans on expanding cycle fleets in Beijing, Shanghai, Shenzhen, Wuhan and Guangzhou, as well as eight other cities, have been wheeled out by local authorities. In the capital alone, there are 2.35 million shared bikes run by 15 companies with stacked parking on pavements and at road crossings causing havoc for pedestrians. \"It is necessary that the authorities put the brakes on shared bikes,\" said Li Hao, an analyst at iResearch Consulting Group in Beijing. Earlier last month, the capital's transportation management authority prohibited an increase of shared bikes on its roads. Another 12 cities followed suit, forcing the main players to consider expanding to untapped markets across the country, as well as abroad. Still, many small bike-sharing companies will go to the wall, squeezed out by the big boys such as Mobike Technology Co, Bluegogo and Ofo Inc. Mobike plans to improve its services and management structure in major cities. \"As competition in the bike-sharing market in first-tier cities becomes fierce, sophisticated, intelligent management and operations will be our focus,\" said Li Yuxian, vice-president of Mobike. \"We are aiming to improve users' experience and ease the urban traffic pressure,\" Li added. Mobike has rolled out a highly-efficient and professional operational team in Beijing. They dispatch bikes and handle parking black spots by using cloud computing and artificial intelligence, or AI, technology. The company has spent more than 3 billion yuan ($458 million) on big data, internet of things and AI. It is also gearing up to increase its global expansion plans. \"Establishing more cooperative relationships with municipal governments all over the world will be our next move,\" Li said. \"We aim to operate in 200 cities by the end of the year.\" Mobike's wheel tracks can be found in 170 world cities, with the company owning seven million bikes, as well as having over 100 million customers. Apart from China, the firm's cycles can be found in London, Manchester, Florence, Milan, Singapore and Bangkok. For now, even profit has been put on hold as the company continues its global push. \"If we want to make money, we can, but making money is not our first goal,\" Hu Weiwei, co-founder and president of Mobike, told the media. \"Profit is not the most important goal for us at the moment,\" Hu added. \"We are focused on market expansion.\" By July, major Chinese cities had reached saturation point. There were up to 70 bike-sharing brands with 16 million cycles on the streets for a customer base of about 130 million, figures from the Ministry of Transport revealed in the summer. Data such as this prompted Mobike's rival Ofo to focus on operating its existing fleet of canary yellow cycles after announcing a designated maintenance officer for each operating area. Big data analytics technology was used to enhance efficiency. Founded in 2014, the Beijing-based company is valued at more than $2 billion after raising $700 million in its latest round of financing in July. It has more than 10 million bikes in 13 countries globally and in September officially launched in the Czech Republic, Italy, Russia and the Netherlands. The company aims to roll out 20 million bikes in 200 cities across the world by the end of the year after moving into markets in the United States, the United Kingdom, Singapore, Kazakhstan, Thailand, Malaysia, Japan and Austria. \"Our platform was created with the ambition of improving the environment globally by introducing low-carbon transportation to urban dwellers,\" Dai Wei, founder and CEO of Ofo told China Daily. \"Ofo is committed to bringing our green service to every city in need of convenient short-distance travel solutions,\" Dai added. Back in China, Ofo and the rest of the bike-sharing companies need to streamline and improve their business models. Many are unlikely to survive in a cutthroat industry. Some will be taken over or merged, while others will simply disappear from the streets. \"Bike-sharing companies should standardize the management of bikes and upgrade their operational capacities,\" Li at iResearch said. \"Refined management will be the future direction. \"But we don't rule out the possibility that small bike-sharing companies will be shut down or acquired by other companies,\" Li added. \"There will be a reshuffle in the market.\" During the summer, Wukong Bicycle, a startup based in Chongqing, became the first bike-sharing company to go bankrupt. It was quickly followed by 3Vbike, which was forced to shut down because of rising costs. Now, many small brands plan to shift to third- and fourth-tier cities. Chen Yuying, CEO of Guangzhou-based MingBikes, aims to curtail operations in Shanghai, Hangzhou, Guangzhou and Shenzhen by the end of this year and move into 50 third- and fourth-tier cities. \"It is difficult for new bike-sharing brands to enter first-tier cities where the authorities have banned any more shared bikes from being stationed,\" said Wang Chenxi, an analyst at internet consultancy Analysys in Beijing. \"The influence on major players Mobike or Ofo is limited, but it's a matter of life and death for small bike-sharing companies as it is evitable that some of them will be knocked out,\" she added.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Beijing took the second spot on the list of world's top 10 startup ecosystems in 2017, according to SparkLabs Group, a network of accelerators and venture capital funds. Beijing rose dramatically to tie with Tel Aviv from eighth last year, thanks to growth in unicorns from nine to 25 as well as the capital's increasing number of talents in areas such as artificial intelligence. Shanghai entered the list for the first time and was ranked seventh. Eight metrics were taken into account for the ranking: funding ecosystem and exits, engineering talent, active mentoring, technical infrastructure, startup culture, legal and policy infrastructure, economic foundation, and government policies and programs. Here is the full list of the world's top 10 startup ecosystems. 10 London Score: 54,1 Silicon Valley Score: 77,9 Boston Score: 58,7 Seoul  Score: 60,7 Shanghai  Score: 60,6 New York City  Score: 64,4 Los Angeles  Score: 65,4 Stockholm Score: 65,2 Tel Aviv  Score: 66,2 Beijing  Score: 66", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "BEIJING - The city of Beijing has full implementation of strict regulations for car-hailing services after a five months transition period.  Starting Saturday, platforms and drivers without licenses will not be able to provide such services in Beijing.  In December, the city's transport authorities issued regulations that featured a number of restrictions concerning drivers' household registration, car plate, vehicle model, age, and insurance.  According to the regulations, drivers must have a local residence permit and vehicles must be registered locally.  On Wednesday, Didi Chuxing and CAR received business licenses issued by Beijing transport authorities, bringing the total number to five.  China unveiled its first nationwide regulations for car-hailing services in July, granting them legal status. ", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "BEIJING - The upcoming May Day holiday is expected to see an average of 2.2 million inbound and outbound trips made by Chinese and foreign tourists per day, up 5.9 percent year on year, according to the National Immigration Administration (NIA) Friday. This year's holiday, from May 1 to 4, is a day longer than previous years and suitable for outbound long-distance trips, said the NIA, adding that passenger volumes at major airports in places such as Beijing and Shanghai would increase notably. It anticipates that the average daily tourist flow at the Beijing Capital International Airport and Shanghai Pudong International Airport will reach 79,000 and 107,000 respectively. The ports at different ends of the Hong Kong-Zhuhai-Macao Bridge are expected to see a daily average of 105,000 entry and exit trips during the holiday. More than 670,000 arrivals and departures will be made on average each day via the three ports of Luohu, Futian and Huanggang, which connect the Chinese mainland and Hong Kong, as well as at West Kowloon Station of the Guangzhou-Shenzhen-Hong Kong Express Rail Link, the NIA predicted. It expects that the Gongbei Port linking the mainland and Macao will see an average of 435,000 inbound and outbound trips each day. The NIA has called on border check agencies to release timely information of the passenger flow and ensure safe and orderly trips for tourists. The NIA also recommended that passengers check their travel documents in advance and avoid traveling at rush periods if possible. ", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Pop-art icon Andy Warhol\u00a1\u00afs personal photographs from his trip to Beijing and Hong Kong in 1982 are on display in the United Kingdom for the first time at an exhibition in Harrogate, Yorkshire. Thirty-five black and white images are shown at the RedHouse Originals Gallery as part of the Trooping the Colour exhibition and \u00a1\u00b0reveal a highly personal side to the artist\u00a1\u00b1. The photographs taken on a Chinon 35mm point-and-focus compact camera include shots of Warhol\u00a1\u00afs hotel room, urban landscapes and the iconic Jumbo Kingdom floating restaurant in Hong Kong. Richard McTague, gallery director of RedHouse Originals Gallery,said the pictures will be familiar to today\u00a1\u00afs Instagram generation. \u00a1\u00b0The photographs are a rare insight into another side of Warhol which people don\u00a1\u00aft often see,\u00a1\u00b1 McTague said, \u00a1\u00b0It\u00a1\u00afs really Warhol as a tourist and you can tell from the images how captivated Warhol was by China.\u00a1\u00b1 Warhol travelled to Hong Kong after an invite from young businessman and entrepreneur Alfred Siu, who had commissioned the late pop-art icon to paint portraits of Prince Charles and Princess Diana for his private members club. Siu then surprised the US artist with a three-day trip to Beijing. Despite being one of the most famous names in the West, Warhol was virtually unknown in China and this allowed him to roam the city largely unrecognized. McTague said the artist\u00a1\u00afs fascination with China can be seen from his previous works such as his portraits of Mao Zedong in 1972. He noted that Warhol once said he preferred Chinese culture to US culture, saying \u00a1\u00b0I like this better than our culture. It\u00a1\u00afs simpler. I love all the blue clothes. Everyone wearing blue. I like to wear the same thing every day.\u00a1\u00b1 The gallery director added that the photographs are \u00a1\u00b0undeniably Warhol\u00a1\u00b1,with themes of repetition, mass production, advertising and everyday consumption. Warhol took more than 200 photographs on the holiday, \u00a1\u00b0which also left a profound legacy on his work\u00a1\u00b1, and many of his works produced after the trip included Chinese symbology, signage and characters. The exhibition runs until July 7.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "BEIJING -- The Chinese capital will open its first bicycle-only road at the end of May, according to the Beijing Municipal Commission of Transport. The 6.5-kilometer-long road aims to ease choking traffic in the area between Huilongguan, a densely populated community, and Shangdi, where a large number of hi-tech companies are located, in northern Beijing. An average of 11,600 people commute to work daily in the area. There are three lanes, including a reversible lane, on the 6-meter-wide road. Conveyor belts for bicycles and other power assisting devices are installed at entrances and exits of the road. Beijing has over 1.9 million shared bikes, and over 1,014 kilometers of lanes for cyclists and pedestrians. By 2020, the figure will reach 3,200 km, according to the commission. ", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "Of the cities in China, Shanghai is the most fascinating for international tourists due to modern lifestyle facilities such as shopping malls and entertainment venues, according to a report released by Google and market research company Ipsos. Beijing ranked second, thanks to its great number of historic sites, museums and intangible cultural heritages, according to the report on international tourists' recognition and attitudes toward Chinese cities. Dalian, a coastal city in Northeast China with a population of 6.99 million and 773.16 billion yuan ($116.18 billion) in gross regional product, also made the top 10 list because of its beautiful scenery and good investment environment, as reported by Ipsos and Google. The rankings, published on Oct 22, are based on an online impressions survey of 39 Chinese cities from 28,000 tourists representing 19 countries. The survey takers are aged between 18 and 60. Ipsos' Brand Value Creator model was combined with Google search index's behavior data to analyze the survey in order to get an overall impression of these cities for the ranking. Long histories, places of interests, Asian flavor, cost-effective products and delicious food are major factors that affect international tourists' decisions on tourism destinations, the report revealed. Let's take a look at the top 10 most fascinating Chinese cities for international tourists.  ", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Beijing plans to add more kindergarten slots and strengthen security measures to make sure children can receive an affordable and safe preschool education, officials said on Thursday. Feng Hongrong, deputy inspector of the Beijing Education Commission, said the city plans to enroll another 30,000 kindergartners through renovating and expanding existing operations, and to support State-owned and private enterprises, institutions, communities and individuals in building of new ones. The city already added 30,000 new kindergarten slots last year to meet the increasing demand of preschool education with the implementation of the second child policy and more migrant workers coming to the city, he said at a news conference in Beijing. Beijing has 450,000 kindergarten students, 63 percent of whom attend public kindergartens, he said. The city has made great efforts to ensure the safety of kindergarten students by making sure the public areas in the facilities are covered by surveillance cameras and that camera footage is guarded and stored for 30 days, Feng said. At least two kindergarten caretakers should be present at all times with students, he added, noting that educators have worked closely with public security authorities. Tian Gewen, principal of the Kindergarten of the General Research Institute for Nonferrous Metals in Beijing's Haidian district, said the municipal government has offered 1,000 yuan($149) per month of subsidies for each student and the district government has offered another 500 yuan per month for each student. The students are only required to pay tuition of 900 yuan per month. Apart from ensuring students get a high-quality education, the subsidies are also used to increase the salaries of teachers and give them better training, she said. To ensure that more students receive inexpensive yet high-quality preschool education, the school added 270 new kindergarten slots in 2016, she said. It now has 18 classes and more than 540 students. Children attending public kindergartens or affordable private ones will account for 80 percent of all preschoolers by 2020, according to a directive issued recently by the Communist Party of China Central Committee and the State Council. Affordable, quality preschools will be the priority, the ministry said. Governments at all levels are encouraged to establish public kindergartens, aiming to get about 50 percent of all preschool children into public education by 2020, it said. Communities, State-owned enterprises and public institutions such as universities are also encouraged to establish their own kindergartens, it said. Lyu Yugang, director of the ministry's basic education department, said the central government will allocate 16.8 billion yuan to support preschool education. ", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "A musical eulogizing a grassroots teacher's spirit of dedication was staged by over 100 students from high schools and primary schools of Mentougou district on April 10 at the China ethnic song and dance ensemble's theater. The work was adapted by 41-year-old musical director Li Xinqing and 35-year-old actor Zhang Xianzhi who were touched by the story of Sun Huijun, a dance teacher who has devoted 35 years of her life to educating students at the Beijing Dayu School in a Beijing's suburb.,Sun introduced the taiping drum dance, a traditional art form in Mentougou into the textbooks, created innovative musical works for her art troupes to perform and helped her students win the frist prize in various municipal art festivals. The musical also epitomizes how the district has enhanced its art education over the past few decades. The event was organized by the education commission of Beijing's Mentougou district.", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "Which city is home to the largest tech-savvy population, using apps to buy fresh food? Chinese big data service provider Jiguang surveyed cities across China over the past year ending in July. Beijing posted a significant lead, as 18.81 percent of the people living in the city use apps to purchase fresh food, followed by 10.41 percent in Shanghai. The remaining cities had less than 5 percent of their populations buying fresh food via apps. Here's the full list of the top 10 cities: No 10 Nanjing: 2.47 percent,No 1 Beijing: 18.81 percent,No 9 Chengdu: 2.67 percent,No 8 Suzhou: 2.76 percent,No 7 Wuhan: 2.88 percent,No 6 Guangzhou: 3.05 percent,No 5 Tianjin: 3.41 percent,No 4 Shenzhen: 3.87 percent,No 3 Hangzhou: 4.26 percent,No 2 Shanghai: 10.41 percent", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "BEIJING -- Beijing health authorities have rolled out policies to tackle child obesity, myopia and psychosocial problems. Beijing will create a database for children's eye health, a move that will help schools and doctors to detect problems and give suggestions to parents, said Xi Shuyan, director of the division of elderly, maternal and child health of the Beijing Municipal Health Commission. To target obesity, Beijing will create model diet programs for children and invite nutritionists to give suggestions on eating healthy, she said. About 58.6 percent of students in primary and secondary schools in Beijing suffered eye problems during the 2016-2017 school year, according to the 2017 Beijing Health and Population Health Report. About 16.8 percent of students were overweight, an increase of 3.1 percent compared with the 2015-2016 school year, the report said.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Beijing Sinnet Technology Co Ltd, Amazon's Chinese partner, announced that it will buy specific assets related to cloud services, including serversand IT equipment, for up to 2 billion yuan ($301.2 million) from Amazon. Sinnet said in a filing on Monday that the move aims to codmply with China's rules and  and further improve the security and the service quality of the Amazon Web Services' cloud service. \"Chinese law forbids non-Chinese companies from owning or operating certain technology for the provision of cloud services,\" an AWS spokesman told chinadaily.com.cn. \"As a result, in order to comply with Chinese law, AWS sold certain physical infrastructure assets to Sinnet,\" the spokesman said, adding AWS would continue to own the intellectual property for AWS Services worldwide. ? AWS did not sell its business in China and remains fully committed to ensuring Chinese customers continue to receive AWS's industry leading cloud services, the spokesman added.  Taking information security into consideration, all foreign companies must partner with domestic enterprise with IDC licenses to operate cloud services.  In July, 2016, Sinnet obtained AWS authorization and became the service operator and provider for AWS China (Beijing) region using AWS cloud technologies required to support AWS information technology services in China. However, Sinnet has not won operating licenses so far. In January, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology said cloud service operators without a license cannot continue their business from January 1, 2018.  The deal will remove obstacles for Sinnet to get such licenses, the Wall Street Journal said quoting analysts from Citic Securities Tuesday. AWS is a global leading cloud computing services provider. However, in China, local cloud enterprises perform well. According to International Data Corp, Alibaba's cloud unit held 47.3 percent of the country's cloud infrastructure-as-a-service market during the first half of this year, followed by Tencent's cloud unit (9.6 percent) and KSYUN (6.5 percent). AWS had a 3.8 percent share. Sinnet,which has suspendedits shares since Nov 7, reported a revenue of 1.09 billion yuan in the third quarter, up 73.25 percent year-on-year, while net profit stood at 120 million yuan, up 44.73 percent from a year earlier.     ", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "Prices of high-end properties in Beijing will see a steady rise in the second half of this year due to a supply crunch, industry insiders said. \"Owing to the government's tightening of real estate policies and the tepid market since last year, quite a number of high-end projects in the capital postponed their entry into the market, thus reducing supply,\" said Li Xiang, senior research manager at Savills, an international real estate services provider. Demand from wealthy people for improved living standards, however, will not be much affected, and the value of high-end residential products will continue to appreciate, according to Anthony McQuade, managing director of Savills for the Northern China market. \"Fundamentally, there is still a strong demand,\" McQuade said. Beijing's pre-owned home market saw online transactions for 18,096 units in May, reaching a 14-month record high, industry data showed. Volume was up 32.3 percent month-on-month and 67.5 percent year-on-year, the first time that the pre-owned home market in the capital experienced such rises. According to real estate agency 5i5j, the average sale price of a pre-owend home also increased by 0.6 percent compared with the previous month. \"In the near future, a modest rebound might be possible,\" said McQuade. With the market stabilizing, an increasing number of high-end projects are expected to enter the market. Shimao Group, a Hong Kong-listed property developer, for instance, is going to launch its luxury villa project Loong Palace in Beijing this month. Liu Hui, vice-president of Shimao Group, said it is the company's top project, but did not disclose the prices of its flats. Hong Kong-lised The Wharf (Holdings) Limited, Greentown China Holdings Limited and China Communications Construction Company Limited are also going to launch a luxury project called One LiangMa along the capital's northeastern Fourth Ring Road. This is the first time that the three leading property developers are working on a high-end project. Li Liang, vice general manager of Financial Street Holdings Co Ltd, said market demand is strong, but sale prices of homes will probably remain stable in the rest of the year, restrained by existing policies. \"The current sale prices of new homes are not a real reflection of the supply and demand equation, due to the existing tightened measures,\" said Li. Financial Street Holdings, together with Tian Heng Group, is going to launch the latest phase of a new residential project along the capital's South Fourth Ring Road. The unit price could be lower than 80,000 yuan ($12,698) per square meter. The project's earlier phases were sold for 6.3 billion yuan over the past three years.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Beijing-Shanghai High-Speed Railway Co Ltd, a unit of China Railway Corp and the company that runs the Beijing-Shanghai high-speed railway, is planning to raise funds through an initial public offering on the A-share market, it said in a regulatory filing on Tuesday. Launched in 2011, the Beijing-Shanghai railway line is one of China's most profitable high-speed routes. The public float is seen as a significant step in the State-owned enterprise's efforts to promote mixed ownership reforms and optimize its capital structure. Company officials expect to complete the preparatory listing work by the end of this year. The Beijing-Shanghai High-Speed Railway is 1,318 kilometers long and spans seven provinces and municipalities including Tianjin, Hebei, Shandong and Jiangsu. It is regarded as the country's premium transportation asset and has since its start in 2011 hosted 940 million trips. A spokesperson for China Railway emphasized that by raising funds from the market, the company will be able to securitize its assets. Securitization is the practice of pooling various types of contractual debt, such as mortgages, and selling their related cash flows to third-party investors as securities. \"It will increase funding for the transportation business, boost socioeconomic efficiency, services and help State-owned railway enterprises establish a market-oriented operating system,\" the spokesperson said. China Railway has been actively engaging in securitization and optimization of its assets. Last April, the company signed a strategic cooperation agreement with the Shanghai Stock Exchange for railway construction bonds, railway capital securitization and plans for its subsidiaries to go public. Earlier this month, China Railway Special Cargo Services Co Ltd, another subsidiary of China Railway, completed its share transfer, another significant push in its mixed ownership reform. Zhao Jian, a professor at Beijing Jiaotong University, said such steps were necessary to ease the financing constraints in railway construction. \"For example, profitable companies such as the Beijing-Shanghai High-Speed Railway Co Ltd can go public and become financing platforms for China Railway,\" he said. \"There are a number of premium assets in the country's railway system, such as the commercial properties around railway stations and railway projects for resource transportation,\" said Xu Weihong, chief economist of AVIC Securities. \"Profitable assets can be securitized so as to lower China Railway's debt ratio,\" he said.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "The region to the north of Beijing's Fifth Ring Road is dominated by Tiantongyuan, an enormous neighborhood reputed to be the largest residential area in Asia that houses approximately 700,000 people. The area, which is home to more than 3 percent of the city's population, mainly migrant workers, is nicknamed \"Sleeper Town\" because a lack of amenities and entertainment facilities mean most of the residents only go there to rest. Located at the end of subway line 5, a major route connecting the downtown to the northern suburbs, Tiantongyuan attracted its huge population as a result of its low property prices and relatively convenient location. However, its dilapidated condition is a major headache for the city and the area faces a host of problems, including a lack of infrastructure, both social and industrial, allied to heavy traffic congestion. Priced at 2,650 yuan per square meter in 1999, Tiantongyuan was built to provide affordable housing. Nearly 20 years later, property prices in the community have risen more than fourteenfold to 38,000 yuan ($5,600) per sq m. Covering 480,000 sq m, Tiantongyuan includes five major communities with 18 subdistricts that were built in 2000. In the first three years of the century, the population quickly rose to more than 100,000. The family of Beijing native Du Bo moved to Tiantongyuan in 2005 because at 5,600 yuan per sq m the area was still relatively cheap. \"Our old home in Haidian district was scheduled for urgent demolition, so we had to find another place to live,\" the 26-year-old said. Though the family would have preferred an apartment in the downtown, Du's parents could not afford to move to such an expensive area. The urgency of the situation meant the family of four, which included his grandfather, had no alternative but to move to the 120-sq-m, three-bedroom apartment in Tiantongyuan. \"Dirty\" and \"chaotic\" were Du's first impressions of the neighborhood. Unlicensed traders blocked the roads, meaning people could not park their cars, and feral cats and dogs often appeared on the streets. As a result, some people simply bought apartments to rent to tenants. Du said he has heard that in a building near his tower block, one bedroom can accommodate eight people. \"It's like a dormitory at college,\" he said.,Despite the deterioration in conditions, the abundance of apartments and relatively low prices continue to attract young and first-time buyers, as well as tenants. Speaking in a range of accents, a substantial number of residents squeeze into buses and the subway every morning and head to work. Chen Mo is one of them. After studying in the capital for seven years, he chose to settle in the city after graduation. In 2001, he took a job with State Grid Corp, the national electricity generator. Initially, Chen rented an apartment in Huilongguan, a crowded community in Changping district, 10 kilometers west of Tiantongyuan's center, that was well-known for its affordable property. Served by subway line 13, Changping's relative ease of access to public transportation attracted Chen, so he decided to buy an apartment there in 2010. After months of research, he discovered that he could buy an apartment of more than 100 sq m in Huilongguan for 30,000 yuan per sq m, which would only be enough for a home of 50 to 60 sq m in other parts of the city. \"Property prices doubled in Huilongguan in just six months, so I made the down payment in 2011 without any hesitation,\" he said. Many others followed suit, so a dense population and heavy traffic congestion quickly became the community's default setting. However, without any industry to provide jobs and with few high-quality schools, many people chose to leave once they had made enough money. Chen and Du are now also considering leaving. Chen was single when he bought his apartment, but since marrying and starting a family, the 38-year-old has moved twice within the community. To avoid the morning rush hour, Chen has to get up before 6 am every day and catch the subway to Xicheng district, in the west of the city, before 7 am. His wife, Zhu Zhu, who also works in Xicheng but drives to her job, has to get up at 5 am to avoid traffic congestion. The 35-year-old said that when she was pregnant and underwent prenatal examinations, the drive to the hospital usually took an hour. \"However, if I encountered a traffic jam, I had to endure a three-hour round trip,\" she said. Regular access to medical services is still a problem. Though the community has six high-quality hospitals and 30 health clinics, Zhu said she doesn't trust the quality of service, so if her son falls ill she takes him to the downtown for treatment. Before buying his apartment, Chen didn't realize that Changping lacked high-quality schools. He is now considering renting an apartment in the downtown when his son, now 3, is old enough to attend primary school. Du has other considerations. Last year, the situation in Tiantongyuan became so bad that he decided to look for a new home in a different neighborhood. He is still looking. \"I am still searching for an affordable apartment,\" said the financial sector management trainee.,To eradicate the problems in the capital's suburb in August, the Beijing government launched a three-year, 20-billion-yuan action plan focusing on 97 projects. However, having since consulted with 17 commissions and bureaus, the aim is now to work on more than 100 projects. Cai Qi, Party secretary of Beijing, said the city's urban planners should look at ways of implementing Tiantongyuan's original functions to improve living standards and provide better, happier homes. The plan is part of a citywide campaign to build the capital into a world-class city in accordance with the Beijing Overall Urban Development Plan published in October 2017. It will run until 2030. Li Ding, associate professor at the School of Sociology and Population Studies at Renmin University of China, has studied Huilongguan for more than five years. He said the upgrade is badly needed, so the action plan should have been formulated earlier. Moreover, as the lack of major infrastructure is not an issue residents can tackle, the local government must assume the responsibility. \"Most Huilongguan residents are highly educated, so their demand for educational and cultural facilities is much higher,\" Li said. Since renovation work began at a 19-hectare sports and cultural park in Huilongguan, Li has noticed changes in the community. \"Some old sports facilities have been demolished and the park has been divided into four zones to provide a modern facility,\" he said. According to the Beijing Municipal Development and Reform Commission, there are plans to build six kindergartens as well as three primary and two secondary schools to satisfy residents' needs.,A younger generation of residents\u00a3\u00ad80 percent of them tenants and many of them migrant workers\u00a3\u00adnow occupies Tiantongyuan. At weekends, a number of community centers on one street in Huilongguan are filled with people. One of the most popular centers is a children's library called \"Happy Book Kid\", whose owner, Wang Yanping, has lived in the community for more than 10 years. As a migrant worker for more than 20 years, the 40-year-old said she always wanted a settled place of her own so she could get to know more people and gain a sense of belonging. She established the library at the end of 2013 with the aim of providing a range of books that children could read and study after school. At weekends, the library is packed as parents bring their children to participate in a range of activities, including drama performances, poetry recitals and handicraft classes. \"If just one kid becomes interested in reading, I will have made a contribution to their life,\" Wang said. \"A rising number of families treat the library as a place to gather, and they love being here.\",Li, the professor, is a regular visitor, and he and his wife often bring their 3-year-old daughter to participate in the activities. He has also established a discussion group in Huilongguan in the hope of using people's input to build a better area. \"Everyone has an idea of the kind of life they want to live, and to live in a better community is everyone's dream,\" he said. In an interview with 21st Century Business Herald, Tian Zaiwei, CEO of Shuntiantong Co, the company overseeing Tiantongyuan's redevelopment, said the neighborhood covers the same area as many medium-sized cities overseas. That means there is still a long way to go, because construction and improvement of a city can often take decades or even 100 years. After 20 years, Tiantongyuan has slowly filled its developmental gaps, and despite the lack of infrastructure, the congestion and dense population, it remains an area that many people consider when looking to buy property.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "The Ministry of Culture and Tourism said it has started investigations into the hotels and has instructed its branches in five provinces and municipalities to investigate, including Shanghai, Beijing, Fujian, Jiangxi and Guizhou, Xinhuanet reported on Friday. In response to a viral video exposing shoddy cleaning practices at 14 luxury hotels, health departments in Shanghai and Beijing, where most of the disgraced hotels were located, dispatched inspection teams on Thursday to take a closer look. Health officials in Beijing's Dongcheng, Haidian and Chaoyang districts collected samples from four of the hotels shown in the video. Test results will be made public, they said. The Beijing Municipal Commission of Tourism Development summoned managers of the four hotels for an inquiry on Thursday. If the claims are true, the hotels will be ordered to rectify their hygiene procedures. The 11-minute video titled The Secrets of Cups, was produced and uploaded to Sina Weibo on Wednesday night by a well-known Chinese blogger who goes by the username Hua Zong Diu Le Jin Gu Bang. Within 24 hours of its release, the video was viewed more than 14 million times, sparking heated discussions in print and online media. Some of the hotels mentioned in the video were the Waldorf Astoria Shanghai, the recently opened Bulgari Hotel Shanghai, the Park Hyatt Beijing and the Aman Summer Palace Luxury Resort in Beijing. A one-night stay at any of these hotels costs at least 1,000 yuan ($144). The video showed housekeepers cleaning drinking mugs with soiled towels or the same cloth that was used to wipe toilet seats. Wu Dong, the blogger who made and shared the video, identified himself in an introduction as a person who may have stayed at the most hotels in China. A self-employed investor, he claimed to have spent 2,000 nights at 147 luxury or boutique hotels in the country over the past six years. Wu said all the footage was recorded this year. He was inspired to create it after walking in on a housekeeper who was using a bath towel to clean cups. \"It's a problem prevalent in the entire industry. The reason I exposed the 14 hotels in particular is that they are the most expensive, the most popular or are generally considered bench marks of the industry,\" he said in a Beijing News video on Thursday. Better known by his pseudonym, Hua Zong Diu Le Jin Gu Bang-which means \"Monkey King has lost his magic cudgel\"-Wu rose to fame in 2012 for using news photos to identify and list the 11 luxury wristwatches worn by a government official in Shaanxi province. The revelation led to an investigation and the official was later sentenced to 14 years in prison for corruption. The Park Hyatt Beijing and the Shangri-la Hotel Fuzhou, which were among the 14 hotels featured in the video, issued apology letters on Thursday, saying that they would conduct additional training and self-checks. This is not the first time that some of China's most expensive and sought-after hotels have been caught in shoddy cleaning practices. Last year, five luxury hotels in Beijing failed to change bedsheets as required after guests checked out. Lanmei Test, an organization that claims to be independent, released a video on WeChat of an undercover inspection in which its employees left marks on sheets, toilets and cups at several five-star hotels. The marks-visible only under ultraviolet light-were still there when Lanmei employees checked into the same rooms the next day.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "BEIJING -- Three more urban rail sections are expected to open in Beijing this year, the city's acting mayor said Wednesday in a government report. The total length of metro rails in the Chinese capital will exceed 630 kilometers by the end of the year, Chen Jining said at the opening of the first annual session of the 15th Beijing Municipal People's Congress. Beijing has been taking measures to ease traffic congestion in the city, including construction of new subway lines. At the end of 2017, three subway lines, including one for driverless trains, started operation, bringing the total length of metros to 608 kilometers in Beijing. Beijing now has 22 metro lines.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "BEIJING \u00a1\u00aaBeijing's air pollution emergency response office issued a yellow alert for smog Thursday afternoon, forecasting the air pollution to persist till Saturday.  The yellow alert warned of an air quality index of more than 150 micrograms of harmful fine particulate matter (PM) per cubic meter of air for two consecutive days, according to the office.  Under China's four-tier warning system, red is the most severe, followed by orange, yellow and blue.  Low visibility has forced the city's transport bureau to close several highways out of the city starting Thursday morning.  Smog often becomes severe in late autumn and winter. However, China's Ministry of Environmental Protection (MEP) warned in September that Beijing's smog is expected to arrive earlier this year.  Wang Shuxiao, professor at Tsinghua University and head of the Beijing Air Pollution Prevention and Monitoring Work Group, said stagnant air conditions have made air more humid.  He said that under similar conditions, Beijing previously would have seen very severe smog, but due to pollution control efforts, air pollution has been controlled and mitigated to a moderate level and lower.  Li Ganjie, environment minister, said earlier this week that the monthly average of PM 2.5 density in Beijing between March and August registered an all-time low for the same period.  To address the winter smog, MEP has launched a campaign against heavy air pollution in the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region and surrounding areas. It mainly focuses on curbing pollution from industrial enterprises, cutting coal consumption and improving emergency responses to heavy pollution.", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "The   in  or also known as the  in Beijing announced on Friday that its satellite gallery on Gulangyu Island (better known overseas in the west as Kulangsu) in Xiamen, Fujian province, is to will open on May 13. Kulangsu Gallery of Foreign  ifacts from the Palace Museum Collections, which used a former hospital construction built in 1898, will become the first permanent gallery of the Palace Museum out of Beijing. The opening exhibition will display 219 sets of various types of artifacts, with various types including antique clocks, scientific instruments, and  s.  The Palace Museum now currently houses about 10\u00a3\u00ac000 sets of foreign artifacts\u00a3\u00acmany of which were taken brought by missionaries and diplomats to the Qing Dynasty (1644-1911) court. However, the museum had until now used a former hospital built in 1898 to house them as it lacked a space to particularly exhibit them.    ", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Beijing pledged to step up its medical and health services together with 2022 Winter Olympics co-host Zhangjiakou, Hebei province, to meet the unique challenges posed by the Games\u00a3\u00adincluding teaching more medical professionals how to ski. With its aerial tricks and thrilling action, the risky nature of winter sports provides a feast for fans but demands that organizers put in place sophisticated medical support and first-aid services. With three years to go before the Games, the Beijing 2022 Winter Olympics organizing committee has joined hands with local health and sports authorities to develop medical and rescue service standards, teach venue medical staff members how to ski and make emergency preparations for the Olympics, which will be held in downtown Beijing, its northwestern Yanqing district and Zhangjiakou's Chongli mountain district. The organizing committee announced on Thursday that it has selected 41 hospitals and seven disease prevention and blood supply facilities across the three zones, recommended by Beijing municipal and Hebei provincial health commissions, to be official medical partners of the Games. Each facility will open an Olympic green lane staffed by doctors and first-aid professionals specializing in sports medicine to provide timely treatment, the committee said. The medical service providers will also work with venue operators and local governments to streamline transport routes both on the ground and in the air in case a helicopter rescue is needed. \"Winter sports athletes are more vulnerable to severe injuries than their summer counterparts, while we are lacking this particular type of medical expertise as a young winter sports country,\" said Zhang Jiandong, a vice-mayor of Beijing and executive vice-president of the Beijing 2022 organizing committee. \"To improve medical support, especially for alpine events, we will take action early to train our staff, make plans in advance for rehearsals during test events and optimize medical resources.\" English speaking skills and ski training are two fundamental requirements for the medical teams that will be based in the Yanqing and Chongli districts, where most of the snow events will be held, according to the organizing committee's Games service department. Beijing's downtown area will stage all the ice sports in 2022. A group of 30 medical professionals from Beijing who are candidates to provide rescue services are now receiving ski instruction at a resort in Chongli, while the Hebei Health Commission revealed that a program guided by its provincial sports bureau has trained 300 similar medical workers. During a test organized in early 2018, only six medical workers among all the staff members from 45 hospitals and medical stations in Beijing and Hebei stood out as advanced skiers, indicating a training gap. \"In addition to staff training, we also established a series of standards, such as the time limit for delivering injured athletes from venues to the nearest treatment venue, which will be fine-tuned through practice events starting at the end of this year,\" said Yu Debin, director of the Games' service department. The organizing committee also said on Thursday that it has signed service contracts with 101 hotels in three zones as official hospitality partners to accommodate International Olympic Committee officials, technical officials from respective sports federations, media, VIP guests and ordinary spectators. Signed hotels will work on details such as a clean food supply that aligns with global tastes, special laundry for winter sports clothing and multilingual services, Yu said.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Outdoor gardens built by international exhibitors have earned their places in the spotlight during the International Horticultural Expo 2019 in Beijing. Today, we're taking a closer look at the Dutch Garden. Featuring a roof garden and a rainwater collection pergola, the Dutch Garden is designed to demonstrate the Netherlands' latest concepts for a green city. The garden also gives visitors a chance to see a variety of flowers and plants, including the narcissus, lavender, hyacinths, and of course, tulips. But wait a minute -- the garden has some seats disguised as tulips as well. Can you tell them apart? Watch the video to find out.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "Sinologists from 24 countries took a close look at China's development at a recent five-day symposium in Beijing. The event, which featured 28 Sinologists and 11 Chinese scholars, was an annual symposium jointly organized by China's Ministry of Culture and Tourism and the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences. The annual event, which has been held since 2013, is a platform for academic exchanges and cooperation among overseas and domestic experts. Speaking at the symposium, Xie Jinying, the director of the bureau for external cultural relations of China's Ministry of Culture and Tourism, said: \"As this year marks the 40th anniversary of China's reform and opening-up policy, I hope the Sinologists can offer advice from diverse perspectives. \"We want to push forward communication and collaboration between the academic institutes in China and Sinologists from other countries.\" The sessions at the event covered topics like prospects for international cooperation and the Belt and Road Initiative. Speaking at the event, Ole Doering, a professor at the Free University of Berlin, said that Europe and Asia should unite to build proper conditions for globalization by introducing a polycentric framework featuring cultural diversity. \"We can liberate the resources of creative humanism, as powerful narratives about truth, beauty and goodness beyond artificial boundaries,\" he said, adding that human values could be integrated through educating labor around the globe. Huang Ping, the director of the Institute of European Studies at the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, said that European and Chinese cultures emphasize the significance of people-to-people bonds, and that the Belt and Road Initiative could help to promote connectivity between Asia, Europe and Africa. Lious Kamwenubusa, the general director of Burundi's Press and Publication Bureau, said that China could play a role in building a world economic order and a global governance framework by using its status as the world's second largest economy. \"The Chinese government's proposal of a community with a shared future for all mankind has great significance for the global community, especially for my country Burundi,\" said Kamwenubusa. \"Both peace and prosperity are what my nation and its people need.\" The symposium also had participants from the ongoing Beijing and Shanghai classes of the 2018 Visiting Program for Young Sinologists, which is also being run by the ministry. Lobzang Dorji, an associate lecturer from the Royal University of Bhutan, who is part of the program, said that the topics at the symposium could help his research on Sino-Indian relations and its impact on Bhutan because the basic prerequisite for his research is understanding China from a cultural and economic perspective, its social and political system and its foreign policies. \"I want to thank the organizers for accepting me, although China and Bhutan have not established diplomatic relations,\" he said. \"I think this kind of program is a catalyst for bridging the Sino-Bhutan relationship.\"", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "Six Chinese cities are among world's top 10 fastest growing tourism cities, according to a report by the World Travel & Tourism Council (WTTC). Chongqing with 14 percent annual growth rate of tourism revenue tops the list, followed by Guangzhou, Shanghai and Beijing. Shenzhen takes the 8th spot with 10.7 percent annual tourism revenue growth rate, much higher than the world average 4 percent and 5.8 percent for Asia-Pacific. The success of Chinese cities is largely driven by domestic business, as over 94.5 percent of spending in Chongqing comes from domestic tourists, and the revenue growth of tourism industry in these Chinese cities is tied to developments in the Chinese economy, according to the report. Chinese market clearly plays a dominant role in terms of future growth and overall size and as a main source market for destinations in the wider Asia-Pacific, the report said. The study covers 65 cities, 21 of which are in Asia-Pacific, and all the world's top 10 fastest growing tourism cities are in Asia. Besides 6 Chinese cities, other cities on the top 10 list are Manila from Philippines, Delhi from India, Kuala Lumpur from Malaysia and Jakarta from Indonesia. Let's take a look at the top 6 Chinese cities with the world's fastest growing tourism industry.  ", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "London remains the globe's most attractive financial center, despite the ongoing Brexit negotiations, the latest survey found. New York ranked second, followed by Hong Kong and Singapore, according to the Z/Yen global financial centers index (GFCI), which ranks 92 financial centers on factors such as infrastructure and access to high quality staff. Chengdu, the capital city of southwest China's Sichuan province, entered the list for the first time, ranking 86th. Six other Chinese mainland cities entering the ranking are Shanghai (6), Beijing (10), Shenzhen (20), Guangzhou (32), Qingdao (47) and Dalian (92). Let's take a look at world's top 10 financial centers. No 10 Beijing No 1 London      No 9 Zurich No 8 Sydney  No 7 Toronto No 6 Shanghai No 5 Tokyo  No 4 Singapore  No 3 Hong Kong  No 2 New York   ", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": "A goking forward to the upcoming Summer Davos meeting in Northeast China's port city of Dalian, Liaoning province.  Representing Dalian locals at the forum, the entrepreneur will have access to nearly all conferences but the closed-door sessions, a rare opportunity for him to rub shoulders with global opinion-makers.  \"I am eager to hear new insights and incorporate them into our strategies and operations,\" he said.  Sun believes the meeting will give a push to his company, Dalian CheeringTech, which made more than 6 million yuan ($900,000) from sales and services of its primary product, the world's smallest smart camera controller, in Europe, the United States and other overseas markets last year.  Sun's enthusiasm for Summer Davos, officially the Annual Meeting of the New Champions, is echoed across the country. Over 2,000 figures from politics, business, civil society, academia and the arts will assemble in the city from June 27 to 29 to discuss topics from inclusive growth to the new industrial revolution.  Established by the World Economic Forum in 2007, the meeting is held each year in China, alternating between Dalian and Tianjin.  Summer Davos has been good for Dalian, reshaping the landscape of regional economy and strengthening the port's trade with other markets. The city has become a financial, shipping and logistics center for northeast China and beyond.  \"By hosting Summer Davos, Dalian has become an international city, a showpiece of reform and opening up and a center of economic growth,\" said Guo Xikun, an official coordinating the meeting.  Dalian registered 6.5 percent economic growth in 2016, the only city with any significant growth in the whole province. The city imported nearly 180 billion yuan of goods last year, and exported over 160 billion yuan, more than half of the province's total.  Summer Davos has brought the world to doors of many local firms.  \"We are based in Dalian but think of ourselves as a global business,\" Sun said. Around 95 percent CheeringTech business came from overseas last year and Sun is now helping other companies raise funds via websites like Indiegogo and Kickstarter.  A local manufacturer of numerical control machines, Dalian Guangyang Science & Technology Engineering has products that compete with global leaders.  \"We have mastered the core technology of an area once seen as a weak link in China's manufacturing sector and we are now expanding into the international arena,\" Guangyang's chairman Yu Dehai said.  \"Foreign firms see Summer Davos as a bellwether of China's economy and external policies,\" said Lawrence Lin, managing director of Orix Corporation's China branch.  The Tokyo-based financial multinational set up its China headquarter in Dalian in 2009 when the meeting was held there for the second time. In 2015, it increased its registered capital by $300 million, encouraged by growth prospects.  \"The decision to invest more in China has been very good for our company,\" Lin said. Orix's global revenue grew 13.1 percent in the last fiscal year and net profits rose by 5 percent.  Following Orix, other foreign investors began to set up businesses in Dalian. Temasek, a Singapore investment company, established a joint venture and spent 1 billion yuan building an IT park, which is now home to branches of IBM and Konica Minolta, among others. Woon Yun Ling, senior general manager of the park, said the company plans to spend another 200 million yuan on expansion.  During the Meeting of the New Champions two years ago, Dalian reached investment agreements worth $3.4 billion with foreign companies, including Goodyear, Maflow, Pfizer and SoftBank Group, in areas including finance, manufacturing and e-commerce. To date, 18,600 foreign-funded companies have invested more than $100 billion in Dalian.  Lin's company is considering patent cooperation with a local research institute and hopes to assist in the reorganization of state-owned enterprises.  \"The industrial potential and R&D capability of the city and broader northeastern China are attractive to overseas investors,\" he said. ", "overall-label": "business"}roup of overseas students are enjoying a two-day tour of some of Beijing's most innovative companies to get a taste of the latest technology and the job opportunities on offer.   The tour on Monday and Tuesday has been organized by the Beijing Overseas Talents Center and Beijing Association for Science and Technology as part of activities to celebrate the 20th anniversary of Hong Kong's return to China. The 18 students come from Hong Kong, Britain, Singapore, the Philippines and Pakistan, and all are participants in Hong Kong's PolyU Innovation and Entrepreneurship Global Student Challenge. In addition to experiencing the capital's competitiveness in science and innovation, they also learned about Chinese culture by visiting historical relics. \"Hong Kong and Beijing have unique advantages for attracting talent, and more cooperation and communication between the two should be encouraged to build a bigger platform for the younger generation,\" said Liu Minhua, director of talent recruitment for the Beijing city government. As China develops the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area, the mainland will become a more popular destination for fresh graduates.   \"I've been to Shenzhen and Guangzhou (in Guangdong province) many times and seen the rapid economic development,\" said Cheung Tsz Kit, 23, a graduate of Hong Kong Polytechnic University. He said many of his classmates want to find jobs in these southern cities, but the lack of careers counseling is an obstacle.  \"Most universities don't have job fairs specifically for positions at mainland companies. We lack information, including on the recruitment process and employee services for Hong Kong residents,\" Cheung said. With the Belt and Road Initiative primed to boost regional development, students from countries along the Silk Road Economic Belt and 21st Century Maritime Silk Road are optimistic about a career in China. \"China is a superpower with great opportunities, not only compared with my country, but also other countries in the world,\" said Muhammad Salman, 28, of Pakistan, who is studying for a PhD in bioengineering at Beijing University of Technology.  \"I'd like to find a job here after graduation. China is place of hope,\" he said.      ", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "China is working on measures to enlarge its middle-income group, including increasing earnings for the low-income class, equalizing public services and reforming taxation, as Economic Information Daily reported Thursday. The report cited data from the China Institute for Income Distribution of Beijing Normal University, showing that the middle-income class is expected to scale up to 43 percent in 2020 if there are no policy changes, while the figure could reach up to 50 percent with preferential policies. To let more money go into the pockets of the low-income class is one means to strengthen the middle-class pool, exports told the newspaper. As of July, at least 12 provinces or regions have raised minimum wages, and six regions -- including Shanghai, Guangdong, Beijing and Tianjin -- have had their minimum wages exceed 2,000 yuan ($296.8) each month. \"The group with payment below the minimum level benefits most from the minimum wage adjustment scheme, but the policy also does good to higher-wage earners in some degree,\" Wan Haiyuan, deputy dean with CIID, told Economic Information Daily. He added that though it is reasonable to gradually increase the minimum income, blind augmentation will cause pressure on employment. Li Shi, executive dean of CIID, said in an interview with the newspaper that farmers, migrant workers, self-employed entrepreneurs, small and micro business owners and startup pioneers all possess the potential to access to the middle-income level and should be the target of policy support. At the same time, to break institutional barriers in the way to stretch up to middle income is also important. Li said that improving social security system and boosting human resources could help to promote low-income flow into the middle-income class, while government should create room for the existing middle-income group to move up by focusing on issues like occupational mobility and the steady rise of salaries. \"The individual income taxation structure still needs to be optimized to relieve burdens for the middle-income group,\" Guan Bo, assistant researcher with the social development research institution of the National Development and Reform Commission, said to Economic Information Daily. Guan noted that better quality in public services ranging from elder care, healthcare and education and lowered expenses are needed to stabilize the group. The crucial cause of income disparity is education, according to Sun Jingfang, assistant researcher with the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, as Economic Information Daily reported. Sun said that government should advance education equalization, and improve education quality in rural areas in particular, so as to lay a foundation of human resources for expanding the middle-income group and economic development.", "overall-label": "business"}
{"content": " Starting from Thursday, travelers can take bullet trains for the first time from Beijing to Xiongan New Area. With the world's longest high-speed track in service, China boasts the highest number of freight trains with widest range of speed. The availability of such high-speed system has taken China to a whole new track.   Two high-speed trains of a new model called Fuxing, or Rejuvenation, were put into operation on the Beijing-Shanghai line on June 26. Compared with the other high-speed trains in the country that have been designed and built with foreign technologies to different foreign standards, the new trains use core technologies developed in China and are built to a unified Chinese standard. The launch of the new bullet trains means China's high-speed trains have now bid farewell to their follower status and embarked on a new journey as pacesetters.,The Beijing-Shanghai high-speed railway has become the nation's busiest high-speed rail link, with an average of about 505,000 passenger trips taken each day.  As of June 29, a total of 630 million trips were made on this track- double the number of all rail passengers in the US. The line travels through four provinces and three municipalities by connecting both Yangtze River DeltaEconomicZoneandBohaiSea Rim, benefiting 26.7 percent of the country's population.,  China is also working on next-generation bullet trains with a maximum speed of 400 km per hour. They will be ready by 2020 for markets linked to the Belt and Road Initiative. The country's high-speed railroads spanned 22,340 km by the end of last year, accounting for more than 60 percent of the world's total. Some 1 billion passengers traveled by high-speed trains in China last year, more than half of the world's total.,Beijing-Zhangjiakou high-speed railway, a major transportation project for the 2022 Olympic and Paralympic Winter Games, is expected to be finished by the end of 2019. The new line will link Beijing's Yanqing district and Chongli county in Zhangjiakou. The track will boast a speed of 350 kilometers per hour, and will take less than one hour to travel from Beijing to Zhangjiakou.,  One of the outstanding features of Chinese high-speed railway is that the train can run on various terrains, braving various climates.  For instance, Harbin-Dalian high-speed railway, the world's first high-speed railway operated at high latitudes and low temperatures, has been in service for nearly 5 years.  The 653km-long round-island high-speed railway in South China's Hainan province is also the first one of its kind in the world.", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "A decade in development, Peking Opera star Zhang Huoding's adaptation of the classic Farewell My Concubine in the Cheng style is nothing short of a dream come true, Chen Nan reports. \"One of my biggest dreams started more than 10 years ago, and now it's coming true,\" said Peking Opera star Zhang Huoding in a rehearsal room of the National Academy of Chinese Theatre Arts on April 23. For the past year, she has been practicing and working on adapting the classic Peking Opera piece, Farewell My Concubine, from the same rehearsal room. With the collaboration of 77-year-old Peking Opera artist Gao Mukun and 78-year-old composer Wan Ruixing, Zhang's rendition of Farewell My Concubine will premiere at the Chang'an Grand Theater in Beijing on May 25. In October, the show will be staged in Shanghai. Telling the love story between Xiang Yu, a warlord of the Chu Kingdom, and his concubine, Yu Ji, the classic Peking Opera is one of the most famous pieces of the 200-year-old art form, which combines singing, dancing, martial arts and acrobatics. Adapted from the Kunqu Opera piece, Qian Jin Ji, written by Ming Dynasty (1368-1644) writer Shen Cai, Farewell My Concubine was first performed by Peking Opera masters Yang Xiaolou (1878-1938) and Shang Xiaoyun (1900-1976) in Beijing in 1918. In 1922, Peking Opera master Mei Lanfang (1894-1961), along with Yang, performed the piece, which later became one of the most famous works in Mei's repertoire. The piece is also regarded as one of the most classic pieces of the \"Mei school\", the performing style he developed.,Zhang was trained by Peking Opera master Zhao Rongchen and keeps up the traditions of the \"Cheng school\", a performing style founded by Cheng Yanqiu (1904-58)\u00a3\u00adone of the four major performing styles of Peking Opera that emerged in the early 20th century. Like Mei, Cheng mastered the techniques of men playing female roles, known as nandan. The \"Cheng school\" is known for interpreting tragic female roles with frequent changes in rhythm. \"Farewell My Concubine is well-known for being performed in the style of Mei. Now, I am adapting it to the performing style of Cheng, which is very challenging. The two styles of tones, gestures and movements are very different. There have been many occasions over the past 10 years when I considered dropping the idea of adapting the piece entirely, but the notion just lingered in my mind,\" says Zhang. Born in Baicheng, Northeast China's Jilin province, Zhang was introduced to traditional Chinese opera by her father, who was a performer of Pingju Opera, a traditional opera form popular in northern China. Her elder brother, Zhang Huoqian, began studying Peking Opera as a child. Zhang Huoding was trained to play qingyi\u00a3\u00ad\"graceful female roles\". Zhang Huoding fell in love with Farewell My Concubine after she was enrolled to study Peking Opera at an art school in Tianjin at the age of 15. \"The loyalty and love she felt for her man really touched me,\" says Zhang of the role, Yu Ji. When Xiang Yu realizes that he has lost his battle and is ready to spend his last night with Yu Ji, the concubine kills herself with Xiang Yu's sword to express her faithfulness. In 1989, after graduating from the school in Tianjin, Zhang joined a military Peking Opera troupe in Beijing. From 1995 to 2008, she performed with the National Peking Opera Company. The 48-year-old now teaches at the National Academy of Chinese Theater Arts in Beijing. In 2016, the academy launched a project that enabled Zhang to mentor young female Peking Opera students of the Cheng style.,Zhang Huoding says when she wanted to adapt Farewell My Concubine about 10 years ago, she invited Peking Opera artist Gao, her former colleague from the National Peking Opera Company, to play the role of Xiang Yu. \"About a year ago, when I told him that the adaptation will finally come to fruition, Gao accepted the role at once. He kept his promise for 10 years,\" Zhang Huoding says. \"Since Farewell My Concubine is a very popular work for Peking Opera audiences, we keep to the original script and only make changes to the piece based on the Cheng performing style,\" says Wan the composer. Wan, who started writing music in 1963, has worked with Zhang Huoding on many of her famous works, including the Peking Opera classic, The Legend of the White Snake, and the contemporary Peking Opera work, Jiang Jie. One of the most famous parts of the piece is the sword dance, which was Mei's signature creation. This is the scene where Yu Ji dances with Xiang Yu's sword on their last night before she kills herself with it. \"The sword is an important element of the piece. Zhang Huoding choreographed the sword dance, which is as elaborate as it is creative,\" says Wan. The Peking Opera piece, Farewell My Concubine by Zhang Huoding, will close this year's Meet in Beijing Arts Festival, the capital's largest annual celebration of dance, music, drama and art. In 2015 and 2016, Zhang Huoding closed the festival with shows of The Jewelry Pouch and The Legend of the White Snake. In 2015, she also made her debut in the United States with performances at the Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts in New York.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "TAIYUAN - A special school for HIV students has caused controversy by arranging for 16 of its students to take the gaokao exam in separate classrooms from non-HIV students.  The 16 students -- 11 boys and five girls -- will sit the gaokao, China's college entrance exam, on June 6-7 in two classroom-turned exam rooms at Linfen Red Ribbon School in northern China's Shanxi Province, the country's only school for HIV children. The students, aged 17 to 21, are the first group of high middle school graduates from the school, previously called \"A Tiny Classroom of Love,\" opened by Linfen Third People's Hospital for medical staff to teach four HIV children. The school was officially founded in 2011, offering both primary and middle school education.  The gaokao is of vital importance to Chinese students, with millions of candidates participating every year.  \"We just made the place where they study and live as the exam site,\" said Guo Xiaoping, principal of the school and former president of Linfen Third People's Hospital.  He said the decision to set separate exam rooms was out of care for the children, who were infected with HIV from mother-to-child transmission.  \"The school is a half-hour ride from the general exam site. It is not convenient to take them to go to another place for the exam,\" Guo said. \"If the children take the exams with other candidates, I fear they may feel nervous and others will protest.\"  However, after many years working against AIDS discrimination, the school underestimated growing acceptance of people with HIV.  \"Separate exam rooms objectively create a discriminatory atmosphere,\" Wang Linghang, a doctor with Beijing Ditan Hospital, told Beijing News. \"Obviously, there is no transmission risk when HIV students take the exams together with other candidates.\"  \"The personal privacy of HIV people should be protected. If these children do not take the exams in separate rooms, who will know they are HIV carriers?\" said Bai Hua, leader of a Beijing-based AIDS organization. \"The exam rooms are distributed randomly to candidates. Other students will not know they are HIV carriers.\"  However, some supported the school's decision.  \"Separate sites can remove the worry of others and provide free space for people with HIV infection. This is not discrimination,\" said a user of Weibo, a Twitter-like service. \"The social reality is that many people are afraid of contacting AIDS and that cannot be changed currently.\"  \"It is not a matter of discrimination, but the kids' safety. We could not rule out any possibility of infection, such as the virus passing through blood in wounds,\" said another internet user.  Xiong Bingqi, of the 21st Century Education Research Institute, said the separate exam rooms were meant to provide a good environment, and it was important that the students were given equal education rights.  \"There is still a long way to go to completely eradicate discrimination against people living with AIDS/HIV,\" he said.  In China, about 654,000 people live with HIV/AIDS. ", "overall-label": "education"}
{"content": "What does the world look like through the eyes of a child? What do these young souls want to capture when they hold a camera? A yak standing near an emerald green lake? An old-fashioned barbershop, where hairdressers are busy serving their clients? The answers were all uncovered Sunday evening, in a white room with large windows surrounded by a small lake, elegantly designed flowers and pine trees. The venue, as a part of Luo Hong Art Museum, showed submissions for the 5th Dulwich Science Art Photo Competition, including winners' works for the year. The competition received more than 900 submissions from 11 Dulwich College International colleges and high schools, including entries from the founding school in London. Wild animals, plants and people were all the subjects featured in the submissions. Some young competitors don't have high tech cameras, yet were still able to capture beauty just the same.,Lauren Z, 14 and a student from Dulwich College Beijing, shot a view of Yulong Snow Mountain with her smart phone. Her work is a palette of blue and green, the essential shades of Mother Nature. \"I took this photo when my family traveled to Yunnan province last year. This is my first time to this place, and I stayed for one week,\" Lauren said. Young yet confident, Lauren smiles lightly in her school uniform, a clean white shirt and checkered pleated skirt. When asked if she ever highlighted the colors with digital tools, the young girl said the natural view is beautiful enough and the photo didn't need any polish. Compared to most of her peers in China, Lauren has more time to develop her interests due to the freedom and high-quality educational resources provided by the school.,The students' horizons were also largely broadened by social projects from the school. One winner from this year's competition, Scott J., took his winning photo during one such experience: A community service trip in Nepal. The 12-year-old boy, in grey shorts and a white shirt, is fluent in both Chinese and English. Born in Australia, he came to China at the age of 3 and has studied at Dulwich College Beijing for almost 10 years. Titled  his work features two children looking up into the sky with watery eyes. In black and white, the light and shade poetically highlight the sorrow and sadness of the two children as they wait for something. Another submission from the student also showed his natural gift for photography. He captured the light on frozen ice and named it  . With only two colors, black and gold, the shooting has a happy, festive air as the warm light shimmers opaquely.,Zheng H., one of the winners, presented a photo featuring a lighthouse on the Pearl River in Guangdong province. The work not only shows the contrasting beauty of blue and white, but also neat and clean concentric circles made by the lighthouse and its base. The 18-year-old student gave the photo a meaningful name \u00a1\u00aa  . As the note on the photo says, \"The sea is not the end, it is the beginning of adventure. The lighthouse, the origin, the destination.\" This kind of spirit is one of the traits that Dulwich College International tries to cultivate in their students through art and music education.,According to Simon Herbert, headmaster at Dulwich College Beijing, art is a part of the curriculum and a compulsory lesson for students aged 2 to 14. At 15, such lessons are optional, yet students are still encouraged by the school to continue learning art, music or drama, including performing and visual arts. \"We have a good number of students that take (art lessons) all the way through the age of 18. The art department is one of my favorites,\" Herbert said. Art pieces from the students were hung on the wall of Smile Angel Children's Hospital in Beijing. The theme for these works is \"miracles\", highlighting children's hopes and dreams. Herbert believes art education is essential during childhood, and this is the reason why the school makes it compulsory. \"Art is another window to the world. Art, music, drama and language are other ways to look at things. If you don't teach students such things, they will have no opportunity to think about the world creatively or in a different way.\" Herbert added. In art education, the school works to encourage and protect each child's originality. \"We hope the students have the ability to find beauty in this world. Only when they have a spirit and mind to feel the beauty, can their works impress others,\" said Jing Yao, school development director at Dulwich College Beijing.,The submissions leave a strong impression on viewers, including the founder of Holiland, Luo Hong, an experienced photographer and the ambassador for this year's competition. Luo came to the Dulwich Science Art Photo Competition award ceremony after a month of shooting in Chile, and was amazed by the children's photography. \"From these excellent works, I can see the effort made by Dulwich College International in children's education. There are many differences between the way children and adults take photos. An adult may take a photo from a very serious and professional perspective, yet children will not do such things. But the young people's ability to capture beauty is as strong as the adults,\" Luo told China Daily website.,Luo himself fell in love with photography at an early age. \"I was overwhelmed by the camera, which can transform an instant to an eternity,\" Luo said. Though Luo studied photography at first, his passion for beautiful things encouraged him to make cakes that were works of art, as he couldn't find one he liked when celebrating his mother's birthday. Holiland, China's leading bakery, was then founded on this simple and pure wish. Due to the passion of its founder, the brand has produced many exquisite cakes as beautiful as art. The business didn't stop Luo from becoming a professional photographer. He went to Africa to shoot 45 times, encountering many dangers and almost losing his life in a serious helicopter accident.,However, he escaped death and lived more confidently after the accident. Luo became the first Chinese person to hold a solo nature photo exhibition at the New York headquarters of the United Nations. He also established an art museum in the Shunyi district in Beijing. The museum, surrounded by a lake with black swans and mist, looks like an image directly out of a fairy tale. The colorful flowers are planted in a poetic way, as if they grew up naturally in the wild, rather than being nurtured by men. \"I once saw a similarly beautiful view in nature, and I asked the designer to replicate it at the museum,\" Luo said. Soon he will go to Africa again to capture even more of nature's beauty. \"My sons are taking care of the business now. They said I was given a pair of eyes to capture beautiful things. So I will go on taking photos,\" Luo added, smiling. Christian Guertler, CEO of Dulwich College International, praised Luo as a great example for students. \"First, he is a successful entrepreneur, and I wish all of our students are able to become as successful as he has. Second, he is a designer - if you look around here (the museum), there are a lot of his inspirations,\" Guertler said.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "President Xi Jinping's report at the 19th CPC National Congress attached great importance to the construction of China's soft power and cultural confidence, which required a large number of eminent artistic figures to see literature and art thrive. To support contemporary Chinese literary talents and elevate the global influence of Chinese literature, the Chinese Culture Translation and Studies Support Network (CCTSS) and   magazine jointly initiated an international database of Chinese writers and works in Beijing, Jan 17. The database aims to contain multimedia introductions of 100 modern writers and their representative works translated into ten languages. This innovative project will eliminate the language barriers between many cultures and introduce China's best writers to the world. Xu Baofeng, director of CCTSS, said the database would \"foster the global communication of literature and enable the world to understand Chinese literature more objectively, justly and comprehensively\". \"We want to reveal the finest of Chinese literature to the world,\" said Wang Gan, director of the   magazine. \"Cooperation with CCTSS means complementary advantages in both writers and translators resources.\",Liu Li, president of Beijing Language and Culture University said that \"the university has always been rooted in Chinese culture and taught foreign students the essence of Chinese literature.\" \"China's overseas development in culture falls behind our economic and scientific advancement,\" said Huang Zhuoyue, director of the Chinese Culture Translation and Communication Research Center. \"Business exchange brings profits, while cultural understanding wins people's hearts.\" Yan Jingming, vice-chairman of the China Writers Association, pointed out that the situation of global communication had altered as China's overall national strength has been rising. \"More Chinese writers and critics have entered the international arena. More sinologists choose to translate contemporary Chinese literature.\" \"The next step is to let the world know more about Chinese writers, integrate our resources and further promote Chinese literature to the global community,\" Yan said.", "overall-label": "life-style"}
{"content": "Excessive coal consumption, harmful gas discharges from chemical plants, and vehicle exhaust are the major causes of air pollution in the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region and neighboring areas, experts said in a report released on Sunday. The research was carried out by the National Joint Research Center on Air Pollution Causes and Control, and was based on more than a year of monitoring and analysis of PM2.5 in 28 cities including Beijing, Tianjin and other cities in Hebei, Shanxi, Shandong and Henan provinces. Chai Fahe, deputy director of the center, who oversaw the report, said excessive coal consumption is the most important cause, followed by gas emissions from heavy industry and vehicle exhaust. The report said that the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region and neighboring areas consume a great deal of coal - quadruple the national average. Their production of steel, coke and glass accounts for more than 40 percent of the country's production. \"By analyzing the chemical components of air pollution in different cities, we can find out the sources of pollution and provide them with targeted solutions,\" Chai said. \"For example, the capital's major source of air pollution would be vehicle exhaust, and we recommend more use of electric vehicles.\" Cities like Taiyuan, Changzhi and Jincheng in Shanxi province and Baoding, Hebei province, had heavier air pollution last autumn and winter because people and enterprises there used more bulk coal than others for heating. Gong Huiming, director of Energy Foundation China's transportation program, said air pollution caused by bulk coal use and vehicle emissions has become increasingly serious. \"It is necessary to promote clean energy substitutes for coal,\" he said. \"As for car exhaust, while ensuring emissions meet standards, the government should encourage the transport of goods by railway rather than highway to reduce air pollution.\"", "overall-label": "politics"}
{"content": "BEIJING -- The number of electric buses in Beijing will increase from the current 1,000 to 10,000 by 2020 in an effort to improve the environment, said Beijing Public Transport Group on Wednesday. The proportion of buses purely powered by electricity among the total public transport vehicles will increase from the current 10 percent to 60 percent in three years, said Zhong Qianghua, deputy general manager of the group. Zhong said electric buses create lower emissions and less noise. Each of the vehicles can reduce carbon dioxide emissions by 45 tonnes every year, and the vehicles are free from PM2.5 emissions. Recently, two bus routes in Beijing's Yanqing District started using 50 new electric buses. It takes only around 20 minutes to charge a bus, and a single charge can power a bus for 80 kilometers. The two routes can transport 3.45 million people every year, cutting carbon dioxide emissions by more than 1,600 tonnes. Currently the group operates about 1,020 bus routes in Beijing. By 2020, the group will be able to transport about 3.046 billion people per year.", "overall-label": "tech"}
{"content": "BEIJING - Sun Lingjun, 35, is lo